we've got a great show for you guys
today did you know that your car is a
snitch that's right mine's not these
snitches going to get some well you know
um repairs more expensive Bondo monthly
Insurance also where is Kate I forgot
her name I was going to say see what are
all the Kates I know
Winslet Kate Middleton where is Kate
Middleton that's right we're going to be
talking about the big Scandal that's
rocking the Royal world that's our
headline topic not because either of us
gives two flying sh about what goes on
with the Royals nope but I didn't know
who this was but because of the
technology that seems to be at the core
of what's going on what else we got
today yeah speaking of Technology EU AI
regulations uh or regulations good do we
not want them do we want them heated
debate we'll
talk why do you pick such bad topics
okay it's like you prepare yourself for
me to take all the good ones and you
just work your way from the bottom AMD
UPS the hurts is
like all right AMD UPS the what the HS
would you pick that one you could take
that one why would you pick that one why
why would no I I'm not picking that yeah
pick why would you pick that weird
notebook check article about our video
would you pick that one no no okay uh
what do we have left there's only two
articles left would you pick FCC
quadruples minimum internet speed
required for Broadband label no I would
take Airbnb bands cameras in airbnbs
it's it's in the main talk scroll past
that I thought you took all the main
DS Airbnb bands
cameras Oh
[Music]
man
the show is brought to you by the ridge
Squarespace and vessie all right why
don't we jump right into our headline
topic now I know that you're an avid
Royal Watcher so none of this is going
to be news to you but Kate Middleton the
Princess of Wales sure what does that
mean um I think it means that she's not
princess of the Fire Kingdom okay or
lumpy space But Water um because yeah I
I'm not look the rules seem really
complicated because the elements are
like lumps fire candy I don't really get
it the point is there's a Princess of
Wales and she's been the subject of
intense news coverage and online
speculation over the past few days after
a Mother's Day image of her sent to
various wire Services turned out to have
been significantly do Services before
well remember like news wire okay yeah
like that kind that kind of that kind of
wire service not like money wiring so
Luke let's have a look at this and see
if there's anything that raises you
haven't read through the notes yet right
good good good good good okay so we're
going to bring it up on here is there
anything about this picture that raises
the alarm bells to you without without
looking at anything else no no no stop
stop I was just trying to zoom my eyes
are bad I'm immediately looking at hands
okay um how are those how are those
hands looking for you the hands seem
fine so her left hand so right for us um
that like this thing that I'm doing
where it's just like they're all very
straight and it's kind of a pan y y
actually I'm seeing it on the other side
a little bit too that's fairly common
for once once AI imagery got good at
fingers they started just making them
like here's a a board of fingers but
it's not quite happening her one finger
there is a little bit separated so no I
think the hands are fine y I mean I
couldn't help noticing that this is
sharp and this hand is extremely blurry
very blurry yeah um also that appears to
be in the same plane as this hand which
is not especially blurry yeah um it it
looks like it's been touched up and and
doctored to a certain degree but that
would happen no matter what any picture
of Royals is going to be touched up is
there anything here that jumps out to
you as potentially
problematic yeah wait what's going on oh
there's a sniper there's a sniper duck
Kate the hair on the the right side of
her head is like
super
fuzzy and I don't mean oh man I can't
use that term it's very like blurred and
also yeah like where's her shirt mhm mhm
it just looks like a shadowed version
of okay yeah I mean that could be a
thing yeah there there could be some
there could be some Biz there has been
some surprisingly serious and poorly
done question mark doctoring to her hair
on the one side I don't know what's up
with that okay her whole head looks like
it might so not originate from this
photo yeah so here's the thing oh
oh oh okay let's look really closely at
the the non squared one on the left
looks really closely on the right one
her cheek dimples are those exactly the
same it looks like maybe no uh sir it
looks like maybe Le yes look at how in
well oh yeah but she's going to have
cheek dimples no matter what so like
look at how deep they are like how wide
or smile is by how deep they are now
scroll up and look in the other one okay
yeah let's this is overl like we can't
really look look at we'll a look at the
dimples okay it's really blurry it's
very blurry it's blurry why is it so
blurry the kids aren't very blurry no
the kids are the kids are not blurry the
kids are pretty well defined so
basically let's let's let's run through
this let's run through this Middleton's
last public appearance was on Christmas
day which for those who math is if I
didn't work here my last public
appearance would have been a long time
ago okay all right the point is her job
is literally to make public appearances
so so that's what okay all right oh so
her last public appearance was on
Christmas Day on January 17th the royal
family announced she would be undergoing
scheduled abdominal surgery and would
return to the public eye around Easter
which In fairness uh is not until a
couple of weeks from now most people
accepted this explanation but there was
some question as to why she would need
to cancel weeks of upcoming events if
this surgery was truly expected and
planned uh
yes that's a good point while nothing
truly suspicious had happened yet people
were being extremely conspiratorial
about all of this on some segments of
social media by about late February and
this is pretty typical of Royal Watchers
you know whether it's whether it's um H
help me out the
actress Megan Markle and Prince Harry uh
or whether it's Kon williiam people are
always Megan Markle that's her name
right she was an actress she's on suits
I never seen that okay it doesn't matter
the the point is that okay the point is
that that that people follow the Royals
extremely closely and anything even
remotely resembling a scandal seems to
blow up pretty spectacularly unless it's
prince Andrew in which case we cool with
it we yeah he went to what island huh
Hawaii oh Hawaii haand
umw oh my goodness um okay this Mother's
Day photo received initial scrutiny
because it had a few obvious
inconsistencies like and Luke didn't
even notice this even though he is a
self-professed expert on the
Royals Kate was not wearing a wedding
ring wait and no I looked for that what
hand do you wear wedding ring on
tell is it your right tell me tell me
tell oh man could could you be could you
be less you know into the whole
matrimony thing it's it goes on your
left hand then we should be able to see
it uh yes we should definitely be able
to see I thought it might have been
under the kids arm but not only that but
there was a fully unfurled or there's a
tree with fully unfurled green leaves in
the background despite it being
supposedly early March observers then
noted clear sign wait when is Mother's I
thought Mother's Day is in May Mother's
Day is like coming up yeah but this is I
don't know it's a Mother's Day photo I
don't know don't worry about it so they
took it like way ahead of Mother's Day I
don't know when you Mother's day is
okay what are y'all doing over there huh
the point is observers then noted clear
signs of editing including heavy use of
a bluring tool and inconsistencies in
the family's hair and clothing uh wire
Services generally only allow small
cosmetic edits like cropping and red eye
removal leading them to retract the
picture only a a few hours later a tweet
attributed to Kate Middleton claimed
fault for the bad Photoshop job but that
has not stopped posts insisting that the
photo was entirely AI generated or that
the princess's face was photoshopped
into the photo over that of another
woman however according to Tom Warren of
The Verge the photo metadata indicates
that it was shot on a Canon 5D markv and
edited using a 2022 version of Photoshop
from before AI features were added some
online sleuths have insisted that
Middleton's face in the photo matches
and was taken from her cover on Vogue
while detractors say that it simply
looks similar because it is a picture of
the same woman with the same face I mean
the lighting is different her bottom
teeth are slightly showing in the
Mother's Day photo Etc ET yeah like to
be completely honest if you look at a
bunch of pictures of lonus at like
various conventions posing with people
the like I am taking a photo face yeah
it's pretty similar
so is it
necessarily the exact same face
um I don't 100% think so I don't 100%
think so but I also do not know for sure
that it isn't yeah I see what they're
getting
at they they are they are very similar
but you said this is a person whose job
is to make public appearan is they're
going to have taking a photo face I'm
I'm taking a photo smile so our question
here because realistically I don't think
any not either of us is other than a
general concern for anyone one who has
been disappeared uh I don't think either
of us is particularly into the whole
Royals thing so if there's any Intrigue
in like you know oh is this how they're
you know going to soft announce a
divorce or you know whatever CU there
was some speculation that um not Harry
not Andrew the other one William Jeff
uh that's not a royal name Luke King
Jeffrey this Game of Thrones is not
real I think it was Joffrey anyway
wasn't it I don't know I don't know I
don't know I only read the first book I
I have a I have a whole thing where I
won't consume content until it's all
produced so I'm waiting for him to
finish all the books oh yeah I know that
might be a problem he's actually going
to die before I get to read Game of
Thrones if you Google King Jeff it's
just really ripped
dudes
I don't know how that happened I mean
maybe she was the one cheating with King
Jeff maybe I wouldn't blame her dude
King Jeff is Ja I don't know how much of
his testicles are left at that point
none but he's
rifted who cares at that point oh man
don't do steroids um um what are we even
talking about who knows yeah okay the
point is the point is we're we're not
Royal Watchers but this is really
interesting because je
because this is interesting because yeah
it raises a really interesting question
with the way that this is being covered
by the mainstream media and with the way
that uh topics like Photoshop over the
years and more recently AI are making
their way into the public Consciousness
this feels like a really significant
moment because you and I on the WAN show
and you guys who watch the WAN show
you're dialed into this stuff you know
what the capabilities of large language
models are I mean you watched us
reacting live to the launch of chat GPT
and interacting with the thing right
you're uh whether it's you know mid
Journey or Dolly you know you're you're
looking at the ever evolving
capabilities uh of these uh of these AI
image generators and stuff like that so
you guys are dialed into it but this
right here is spk a conversation with
the normies you know with the aunts and
uncles and nieces and the extended
family all your cousins are talking
about this and they're asking the
question is anything that I am looking
at real real anymore and with the amount
of bots on things like x.com and other
various websites it's like speaking of
we're streaming on x.com for the first
time today yeah we're live we're live on
X or are we
I hope so they have video What If you
just combined that and audio whatever
Luke let me push back on one of your
hypotheses
okay my hypothesis one of your
hypothesis okay so you you had said it's
it's quite it's quite probable that she
has a photo taking face yeah okay so
what if yeah this is slightly different
what if it's slightly different though
because
an AI was trained on this photo and a
handful of other
photos what if it looks so
similar because kind of like we've seen
very famous works of art basically spat
out with slight Alterations by AI image
generators you see where I'm going with
this right I get it and I think the
point is like that that everything that
exists will have Doubt cast on it moving
forward and this is kind of the sign of
that and I do agree yeah whether this is
real or not the fact that so many eyes
are on it and there is such a you know a
lot of people that are saying one thing
or the other are saying it with a
certain amount of uncertainty just shows
that you you can't really be certain
about much these days remember when we
were looking at Sora when they announced
that that big upgrade and we were
watching that car racing along a track
in all these different environments
right okay it's it's autumnn now it's
underwater now it's a sunny day it's
raining there is absolutely no reason
why I couldn't take that Vogue cover
shoot that Vogue cover photo and be like
okay it's overcast today can you adjust
my lighting based on that that is well
within the
capabilities of AI image alteration
tools that we have today and just
because they're using an older version
of Photoshop for something on this image
I mean that doesn't
necessarily man see here I'm I'm like
I'm falling in I'm falling into the Trap
metadata for a file to my knowledge can
be altered yeah so okay was it shot on a
five 5D whatever Mark whatever my okay
my push back on that is if they would go
that far I feel like they would have
done a better job touching up things
like her hair and other various it is
confusing isn't it it it it's it's
honestly like a poorly done Photoshop
job it raises it raises a whole other
layer of questions because here's my
first question right so we talked about
already that this is someone who is a
public figure and is accustomed to
public appearances
yeah why in God's name would you pick
the cover of a Vogue magazine as your
picture as your as your choice for the
Mother's Day
picture oh yeah like out of the out of
the out of the mountain I don't think
that that's necessarily it though
because like you said they might have
used a variety of other images as well
that's just that's just her I'm taking a
photo face um like let's see what's her
name Kate Middleton Kate uh
midleton
images okay so you're basically looking
to see oh man he's going into slof mode
do you have a photo taking face a lot of
these are candid yeah which means no um
I don't know how old this photo is down
and right is not
candid you you went I me it just me down
and right from where your mouse was no
left oh my God this one down this one
down this one yes oh that's not candid
that looks quite old
though it's very similar too it's
similarish I wouldn't say it's nearly as
similar as the the similar ones aged I
saw I saw another one when I was uh when
I was poking around in this conspiracy
theory where they're like oh yeah uh
there's this picture of her and the
prince in a car and this picture is also
ripped off of somewhere else that didn't
make it into our notes I'm not sure if
that one's been debunked already or
something like that I mean like this is
at a completely hello I got you did I
get locked out I don't know did I lose
permissions I don't know uh this one's
like an action shot and down on a weird
angle she's making the exact same smile
yeah that's fair that's fair I I I think
this is a thing yeah it could be a thing
but it could I think more realistically
it could be like an AI generated thing
you can go in and edit even that so why
would you even bother like this is the
like world's most simple AI or uh
Photoshop job I don't why would you
bother with AI generation I don't know
what's the
point
Luke like why there's an entire
generation of
people who are you know adjusting their
boobs and curving the stuff behind them
and adjusting their weight adjusting
their adjusting their pecs and adjusting
their facial hair and I think this is
everyone I I I don't I don't think this
is a single generation okay multiple
Generations okay I I don't think Gen X
is quite as into it as Millennials and
Zoomers you don't see you don't see as
much of that you see some all right you
see some so so we've got generations of
people who are making what I think you
would judge to be unnecessary changes to
their
pictures okay all right yeah yeah so
you're asking why are they doing this no
no no no no no no no I'm saying why
would they use AI instead of someone
just photoshopping it because yeah
that's fair if if the job cuz like
honestly the the thing that looks to me
like what might have happened is a head
replacement right
yeah what do you mean people were doing
that convincingly when I was in high
school like yeah this this is not like
super Advanced you don't need AI tools
to do that why would you even bother and
then when it comes out and you see these
massive blurry portions why wouldn't you
go like well let's go let's go one layer
deeper into the conspiracy Warr in here
sure they did it to make us talk about
it see that's sick I like that a lot I
don't think so
I don't think I don't think so I think
my favorite comment about that that I
saw from someone I forget who was like
yeah maybe if the queen was still in
charge but realistically the rest of
these guys are a bunch of bumbling
idiots there's no way they had that much
game sense that honestly sounds very
real yeah I don't know see that's the
thing is I I I legitimately don't pay
that much attention I just saw this
trending and I was like okay this is
very interesting and I think it's a it's
a really fascinating topic of
conversation
um have you gotten any King cash yet
King cash yeah what's King cash Canadian
dollars with the King on them oh God
unless it's Mufasa I'm not
interested I haven't gotten any King
cash yet are we printing King cash yeah
oh man I guess we would have had to
eventually I I kind of thought maybe we
could stall until he dies and something
that's interesting too is your passport
says from the queen oh yeah right yeah
oh no I have to get a new one I don't
know I guess it's going to be maybe do
they all expire now like what happens I
don't know I I like I was I I was like I
swear it says from the queen and I
checked my own passport and was like yep
my passport is
authorized by someone who isn't alive
anymore how does that work I have no
idea like Canadian passports uh
effectively say um the queen says this
person can travel please allow them to
travel that's like effectively you know
it's much longer than that and written
cool but like man what does that mean
now dude I got to say with the with the
the Gap in both time and societal and
technological advancement between Queen
Elizabeth II's coronation and um uh King
Charles's
coronation I I dipped in for about 30
seconds of just highlight clips of the
whole thing and I was just kind of
like Robin Williams
Jumanji what year is it you like it just
it felt so bizarre and out of place it
felt like fiction it felt like a scene
in a in a movie about a time long past
and a kingdom long ago like the whole
thing felt so silly the I the idea of
you know God ordaining a monarch that
whatever it's like yeah we we moved past
that so long ago like she rained for
like 70 years or something like that and
so much has changed in that time that it
just the whole thing felt so silly like
my entire life I just kind of accepted
yeah like Queen Elizabeth or whatever
she lives in a in a castle somewhere and
she's on our money and you know I mean
honestly when she was younger she's kind
of hot so like
whatever I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm
just trying to get I'm just trying to
get a r it took a second from him to
process that well cuz I was reading
apparently Canada unveils a new passport
with more security features and a nod to
King Charles okay so we'll have a look
at that in a second the point is just
like it never it never really occurred
to me it was just a normal thing that I
didn't think about yeah like yeah the
Queen's on the money who cares but then
now that it's changing I'm sitting here
going why don't you wa wait wait wait
wait wait wa why don't you put Terry Fox
on the money please what please please
what put Terry Fox on yeah put Terry Fox
on the money yeah that'd be wake
speaking of which like the most based
Canadian thing ever okay do you know
about this I don't know where whether
they were watching W show or not Terry
Fox Foundation reached out no way yeah
that's pretty sick so we're okay no
promises in terms of the depth of the
collaboration um but don't don't worry
about that don't speculate anything I
don't want people to get the wrong idea
but at the very least you and I are
going to wear Terry Fox Foundation
shirts for a w show sick so that we've
got locked in as part of part of a
campaign that they're doing in
collaboration with Ryan Reynolds they
basically want awes any Canadian that
has any kind of audience to where our
Terry Fox Foundation shirt we're going
some shirs and then if we can do
anything a little bit deeper then we
will we'd be very excited to do
something like that but yeah I was I was
like I got like two emails in a row one
was from some AI company that I've
wanted to collaborate with and that was
and then five minutes later I heard from
the Terry Fox Foundation I'm like this
is a good day this is a pretty good day
my phone's blowing up for all the right
reasons those are good days yeah I'm
really excited yeah um no we'll we'll
tell we'll tell you we'll tell you the
story of Terry Fox man it feels like it
almost feels like you can tell that
story as many times as as you want right
it's like it's it's a bedtime story dad
you tell me the story of Terry Fox yeah
okay for sure we'll tell you the story
of Terry Fox again but we're going to
wait until we've got the shirts and we
can tell you a little bit about what the
foundation is doing these days I'm very
excited um anyway okay let's have a look
at the new passport you want to show me
the new passport sure all right yeah
there's a front okay there's the inside
okay cool there's some corn that looks
like is it actually be colored like that
I don't know I honestly I'm kind into it
how do you put the stamps there though I
don't
know oh maybe there's like alterntive
yeah yeah there's the interior yeah yeah
yeah H there's a surprising lack of like
Canadian native
imagery I think that's Canadian native
imagery is it
I think
so these just look like school kids in
like rubber boots um I doubt it all
right okay anyway um wow this seems so
unnecessary other than I guess that it
says the queen in our passport Y Cool
should we jump into our next topic sure
cars spying on us yeah okay do you know
about this I didn't until I read
okay let's let's hear about it some car
manufacturers including Acura except it
won't affect my car uh GM Honda Hy Acura
and Honda interesting okay I mean that's
the same company but sounds good um
hondai and Mitsubishi have optional
gamified features in their connected car
apps to track the rate the users driving
track and rate track and rate okay I was
like what uh track and rate the user's
driving these are often framed as
coaching apps to improve driving safety
and award users with points for good
driving which is actually kind of neat
CU driving's kind of boring so if you
can try to do that that's cool I like
ways for that like I I like reporting
things and I get points for it and stuff
it doesn't matter but oh yeah yeah yeah
I like it driving so boring it also
tells me when there are
cops nice um according to a report from
The New York Times these car companies
sell information from these apps to data
Brokers which then sell it to insurers
who use that in their determination of a
driver's premium wamp wamp it's like
selling your medical data uh according
to a word to according to workers at GM
the revenue from the OnStar smart driver
app is in the low millions of dollars
further some GM drivers were uh were
tracked despite never having enabled any
of those tracking features one Cadillac
owner who said he was not aware of
OnStar smart driver found himself denied
insurance by seven different insurance
companies before learning that his
vehicle had been sending data that he
was often breaking or accelerating hard
as well as engaging in some
speeding heaven forbid they see my
driving I was just going to say neither
of us would ever get insurance again
which would be a
problem uh I would definitely get
insurance and I would never and I would
never drive with hard breaking I would
never get insurance again because Myer
my my discount would bring me to 0 cuzz
I drive perfectly Y and there would be
it would break the system yes it would
break the system and there' be no
there'd be no way for him to get
insurance such a such a shame Scouts
Honor I just drive too well yeah me too
I'd have to go out there and
unfortunately intentionally speed in
like an abandoned parking lot or
something just to be able to get in yeah
just to seem human yeah unfortunately
agreed according to GM it shares select
insights with data Brokers but customers
agree to share their data when they sign
the user agreement other manufacturers
such as Kia say they require additional
explicit consent from owners before sh
sharing such information meanwhile The
Finnish transport and Communications
agency has detected oh this is a
separate topic talk say what uh so let's
talk about this yeah remember when I was
talking about how this whole 23 and me
data breach thing
and I went off on this thing about how
anything to do with your DNA is going to
impact your insurance at some point if
you're American and you should basically
be caring about this a lot and people
were like yeah but the laws and it's
like a not insignificant number of
people were treating me like I was some
kind of tinfoil hat conspiracy nut or
something like that guys do you think
the law matters to the people who are
excuse me handling your
data do you think they care about the
law what punishment is there for this no
one's even talking about
that as far as I can tell there isn't
any there's no consequences and even if
there is it'll be a tiny slap on the
wrist exactly and you've got to
understand like these are things that
this didn't this isn't like oh one car
manufacturer was talking about this and
a whistleblower was like oh let's make
sure this never happens we got to inform
the multiple car manufacturers a lot of
the biggest ones are running these
programs and making millions of dollars
on the sale of your
data
yeah and like I my brain goes to like
okay maybe if they were only allowed to
offer discounts based on good driving
maybe they weren't allowed to do
anything else but then they just shift
the prices up no no then what they do is
they use an AI learning model and they
basically tell it determine the
appropriate premium for everyone and
when The Regulators come knocking they
go well I don't know how it works it's a
black box and it goes oh speaking of
which couldn't help noticing that you
deny Insurance to anyone with a certain
skin color well I mean we have no way of
knowing how like that's the that's going
to be the
defense 100 times out of a 100 they're
just going to hide behind I just left
the Train on the tracks EXA ex L yeah
yeah yeah yeah I mean we don't we I me
there is no good way keep old dumb cars
let go you know what and you got to
understand how powerful insurance
companies are now like all they have to
do is say well the alternative is we're
just going to not cover anyone in your
state and they walk away yeah which is
happening and don't imagine they won't
it's happening right now people trying
to get home insurance and freaking
Florida it's a
struggle it's a huge struggle and so so
you know you look at this and you go oh
yeah well here's the here's the
safeguards we could put no as soon as
this data exists it will be
exploited like honestly I'm on the one
hand I was happy to not see Volkswagen
on the list because I drive a fancy
Volkswagen essentially they own a bunch
of cars or bunch of car companies and if
I had to if there was you know a a short
list of brands that I would think are
just going to be like yeah no
and just be all Driving Experience all
the time and we'll just charge more for
the cars to keep ourselves profitable
Porsche would probably be on that list
Dodge but on the other
hand I don't really trust anybody no at
all not when there's not when there's
millions of dollars that play like is
this even conclusive do they know this
is all the companies or is this the ones
that they know about that I don't
know a scathing report from The New York
Times so like it's possible that some
companies just didn't get
caught Isa
maybe yeah yeah I wonder what gdpr
thinks about this I don't know I mean
it's possible they're not collecting the
data there it's also possible they're
just collecting it surreptitiously and
doing nothing with it while they while
they B their time like that's that's the
thing is the the number of okay you know
what I'd love to hear your thoughts on
this if there was a data collection
program like this how many people like
with with beating hearts and functioning
lungs like how many human beings would
have to know about
it you get what I mean right so everyone
could know about the gamified thing but
how many people would have to know about
this database not very many because you
could collect it
all and not tell the people that are
collecting it that you're selling it mhm
so yeah not for a minute
very few give me a
number obviously at the at the CEO level
we're getting we're getting into company
scales that I'm not used to operating in
you'd have your top sales execs they
would know your top it execs would know
so you've got at least a half a dozen
right there and then probably a couple
not you know top exx but trusted it
people so I I don't know you're probably
dealing with 20 or
less but again we're we're dealing with
company scales that I have I have no
real understanding of so I'm not really
sure I don't the fact that they're able
to tie this to an individual person is
mindblowing to me one one of my sorry
like if it was aggregate if it was
aggregate then I'm kind of looking at it
going yeah what do you expect was going
to happen but the fact that this can be
tied to an individual operator of the
vehicle absolutely blows me away right
now like this is a Next Level betrayal
and a fun little pass time I've been
doing recently is looking at
surprising employee counts at various
companies and this is part of my like I
don't really know dude cuz I'll I'll
look at like some company that has
basically they have like one software
function that they make and they sell I
usually find this is in B2B but they
sell it for whatever they make
effectively one thing it like pretty
much hasn't changed over the course of
like five years and then you're like I
don't know this probably runs on like 5
to 50 employees and then it's like 1,500
and you're like what like
what what do you all do like is is this
like 20 Engineers and, 1480 salespeople
or like how does this work the Wy says
it sounds like they're tying it to the
VIN not to a person and that's fair
enough but the number of people driving
a particular Vin is generally going to
be is going to be in the air in the
range of one to three yeah you know I'm
talking like you know two heads of
household and you know one kid maybe you
know maybe four or maybe a roommate or
whatever else it's you can count them on
one hand and because you're tracking all
you're tracking the car's driving
characteristics you can probably
fingerprint them to a degree honestly
yeah without much effort cuz you
probably got geolocation information as
well so okay these data Brokers a lot of
what they do is oh all this information
is you know not identifiable except it's
extremely fingerprintable and we buy it
from all of the different services so we
can tie it all together and build a nice
little stack and it's it might not be
like you know we know this person's
exact name although a lot of cases they
would um but it it might be like this is
you know this is information we have on
this type of a person yeah and then this
is the type of person this is so rather
than being individuals you sort them
into buckets so that's a way to kind of
and those buckets can get ever narrower
and narrower and narrower so but as long
as they don't make it all the way to one
person well then you're compliant yeah
we don't know what the box does yuck um
Rob the tank says Insurance analyst here
our models are getting really good so
this data matters uh what's scary is the
next step for the big companies is tying
it to financial
databases what would that mean charging
based on your like
income that's kind of a scary one is
that what that would mean why I could
see it so I could see that going a
number of different ways um I could see
that going
to um it what what it sounded like to me
was that he was saying
that shoot where was I going with this
crap crap crap crap
crap you make money Elijah shush um crap
crap crap Financial databases n whatever
there was there there there was
somewhere that I was going with that but
I forget oh yeah okay yeah mcxl says
okay so they could already charge more
or less based on your credit score oh my
God why does your credit score affect
your insurance rates it's like an
abstracted thing I actually I I can't
really understand that me neither that
doesn't make any sense I don't think
I've ever been credit scored for my
insurance is that an American thing it
could be I know Americans like are more
on the whole credit score thing than we
are so maybe uh it's Hurley time says
insurance underwriter here models are
getting really good but the industry has
been losing money on auto for more than
the last 10 years at least in the US
which doesn't surprise me at all
actually and that's that's where we got
to that point that I was making about
how if you try to clamp down on this
Behavior they're basically going to come
back and say okay well then we're not
insuring a single vehicle in your entire
State we're going to just walk away and
you're going to kind of go oh uh
uh we kind of need that cuz it's it will
be
pandemonium especially in a place where
healthc care is covered by Insurance not
by Universal healthare right it would it
it would be like the destruction people
would be afraid to drive if they knew
that not only like if if you couldn't if
you couldn't get insurance and if you
didn't know for sure if the other
drivers had Insurance like I I saw some
people in chat earlier complaining about
how auto insurance is mandatory at all
it's like it's not for you brother yeah
it's for the person you hit I really
want you to have auto insurance yeah
like I'm sorry but I actually don't care
about your feelings here and that's a
fact you need Automotive Insurance
because you need it it's it's not for
you and it may benefit you but it's not
really for you yeah it's to cover your
butt Y when you whack into someone
else's car
H electrobot says nationalize socialize
insurance
so also no to be honest as a place where
um we kind of have this weird public
private partnership Insurance Monopoly
for automotive insurance it's not
perfect yeah I would even go as far as
to say there have been times when it's
been pretty catastrophically bad so yeah
no yeah is it Insurance attacks right
off no but well it can be I know it can
be but but what's always attacks right
off is our special merch item for the
week okay wait what so Luke I don't
understand was trying to understand this
before the show why don't we we're going
to jump on LTT store.com we're going to
jump on LTT store.com okay not not only
do I not understand it I I don't
understand it in multiple ways this is
the tax right off shirt yeah this shirt
is a tax write off it actually contains
the Full text of the tax write off rant
um which that's sick I like that yep
it's not it's not an infinite money
glitch okay guys this is how it works
okay we've got a we've got a ripped up
$100 LT bill with um a dead Queen on it
or sorry wait no they no they American
bill they keep the same people on their
money I know it's an American bill it's
Benjamin Franklin
doesn't matter the point is that we have
the tax WR off shirt so Luke you you had
some questions about the tax right off
shirt yeah okay let's start with the uh
the like less related ones and the less
important ones absolutely why pink and
Periwinkle well it's a write off okay
yeah the corporations they're writing it
off so it's because we have extra of
those colors of shirts it's because we
we we're going to write them off okay so
here's my here's where the root of it
comes at yeah we already sell this isn't
I'm not even trying to pump us up we
sell relatively cheap shirts like if you
look at other Creator merch I think our
shirts are generally Superior and also
cheaper yes why are we selling one
that's 50% of that so that we can write
it off how does that what is this
actually a strategy it's a Roff are we
we're so we're actually doing that we're
we're we're just setting a really bad
price and then writing off the like
losses on it I mean that's how writeoffs
work
it's not a way of making money Luke it's
right on the
shirt right at the very bottom of the
shirt look do I need to remind you the
entire rant is here but why why did we
decide to not make money it's not a way
of making more money why we actively
decide and okay because that's not how
that works okay so here's the here's the
the thing that really grinds my gears
right you want you want to do tell me
remember the story that we talked about
about I think it was last week like why
Nick got hired
mhm yeah for what I I don't I don't know
what you're talking about because of
like business decisions that don't make
the company money right made by you but
we're going to write it off and then
Nick runs create a warehouse yeah this
isn't going to make money no but we're
going to write it off what's going on
we're writing it off
Luke imagine we had a single NBA that
worked here I think they just freak out
I think they just run out screaming it's
like what are you guys doing what's
wrong with
you why do we do this stuff like do you
have any more
questions Dan do you have any
questions um how long until they're
going to
ship oh uh usually it you get a bulk
discount on all the external auditing
that's going to Happ happen to you uh
it'll be available until yeah that too
are we just asking for it
uh they should be shipped by April 12th
not raise any flags that we sold a shirt
for less than $10 when like no one does
that and then wrote it off like are they
not going to be like hey um actually you
have a history of selling T-shirts for
20 bucks a very long and fairly unbroken
history of selling T-shirts for $20 why
did you price it like this uh so that we
could write it off oh you going to tell
the government that yeah isn't that bad
no it's completely above board yes we're
going to write it off okay do you have
any other
questions I think you were wondering
about the colors before why why how can
I achieve escape velocity can you help
me with this pink and pink and
perrywinkle uh what you had questions
about that what's the fastest and
easiest way to achieve escape velocity
escape velocity yeah on what the planet
the planet oh oh I see no no no no I I'd
like to address your question about the
all right yeah well it's so that we can
write them off were they more expensive
than like normal
colors
no no but they're great for writing off
I think cuz we have too many of them Dan
I
think no but that would that would be
that would be an astute business
decision and it doesn't seem like that
happens here anymore um so I'm going to
go through our notes in the dock here on
the tax write off sale uh you've seen
the memes and now you can buy the memes
for yourselves the shirt is $10 in the
words in the words of lus Sebastian a
tax write off is not a way of making
moreing money and neither is this sale
because we are losing money on it the
shirt the shirt is a tax write off do
you know how much it costs to get a
shirt printed at our
printer it's $10 isn't it it's it no but
it's multiple dollars it's it's multiple
dollar also shipping and handling they
got to pick it every time they pick it
I'm just trying to feel out how much
we're going to lose on this enough to
write
off not only is the shirt only $10 but
we have decided to fire sale our
remaining 30x30 CPU pillows and color
block hoodies for just
$4.99 now go ahead hoodies are $49 go
ahead luk and ask
me what's up with the pricing of the of
the color block hoodie was that was
$70 go back up to the oh my God here we
go so the the link color block hoodie go
ahead and ask me about this price why
did we choose this
price why why did we choose that price
so that we could write it
off they're taking up too much warehouse
space it's the tax right off
sale oh there's even more merch messages
now we are not going to be able to get
to the mall today but enjoy your enjoy
your tax write off shirt hoodie and CPU
pillow the merch messages per
wow the rate at which we're losing money
is actually sort of
incredible no we're not losing money I'm
dying it's funny because like my
dashboard Taran Taran goes on vacation
for one week and this happens Luke's
still G to get did you do this while
Taran was gone is Taran gone well he's
not here no I think I think I just made
that up okay I was like he flew
somewhere yesterday think yeah but I had
a call get a new job cuz his company's
going down I call with him I had lunch
with him this week I like how did he
how's he I'm sorry L I'm sorry Luke uh
s004 AWS says also don't forget that
retro screwdriver still gets you free
shipping on your entire
order yeah that code's still active
why so that we can write it off Luke oh
my go are you thick how long how long is
this I'm not sure until we can write it
off okay okay so in all seriousness
to explain you know what why we're
writing these off okay it's to make a
point I wanted to demonstrate how a
write off Works a write off is not a way
of making money so we addressed when I
buy something right and I and I write
off the cost of that I
didn't I didn't make money magically I
personally actually make less money I
have an asset that the business own owns
but I actually make less money so you
can write off a purchase right so that's
really it's more of like a tax deduction
okay it's tax deductible purchases okay
so this is more of a of a tax write off
okay so you take something let's say
this water bottle that you paid let's
say $10 for okay you sell it for
$5 that is at least a loss of $5 and
depending on how you do the math there
could actually be greater losses
associated with it in the handling the
storage of the item um in the yeah I
mean mostly mostly that I guess handling
and storage of the item um so you could
have a greater than you know $5 loss on
this on this $10 item that you sold for
$5 um that money that you lost be it $5
or be it you know six or seven or
whatever it whatever it adds up to gets
deducted from your net income for the
year
so if let's say hypothetically our
entire company made $100 for the year
normally we would pay about I'm rounding
here but we'd pay about a quarter of
that in corporate income tax okay but if
instead of making $100 we took that $5
that we didn't make on that one item we
sold and we deducted that from our net
income well now we made only
$95 and we'll owe about a quarter of
that in corporate income
tax we wrote it
off why would why would you why would
you go out of your way like to prove a
why why do you have to spend so much
money to prove points this is now a
personal question um because this is not
the this is not this is not only the
first time this is this is one of many
hold on a second I'm not quite done so
so if you look at that that that write
off right all we've saved is the taxes
we would have owed on $5 so we've saved
$2.50 on our taxes but we lost $5 plus
so I'm trying to illustrate that when
you lose money selling a product when
you write it off you still lose money
you lose money on the sale you lose
money on your total net income for the
year it's like a shock
absorber yes essentially because you're
not paying you're still getting shocked
you you you pay taxes on profit relax
you pay taxes on profit so if you didn't
make the money you don't pay income tax
on it that's in a nutshell and it's way
more complicated and but in a nutshell
that's how it's fundamentally supposed
to work when something is is tax
deductible or is a tax write off um so
why do I need to spend so much money in
order to make points yes and when when
one of taran's major Jobs is
trility like this negativ reflect his
performance when you need to prove a
point um well if it does then he should
just write it
off okay so the reason that we have to
spend so much money when we want to
prove a point is because we want to make
a splash we want people to remember the
point if we lost $100 to prove our point
about tax writeoffs if that had been a
real $100 bill that I had destroyed
nobody would have remembered that so at
least but if we sold hypothetically
353 tax write off shirts while we were
sitting here just now that's that's only
the ones that have gone through the
merch message dashboard not the ones
that have sold entirely and that's
already up to 360 now that's a point
that people would remember
forever now our entire audience has been
educ and Luke is there any reason that
we do this other than so people can
learn education so
we're consider this the investment in
public education that your government
won't make can you get a and we're going
to write it off can you get a charity
receipt for your tax write off no I
can't how many shirts now what do we
have I'm curious I'm pulling up the real
dashboard I'm pulling up the dashboard
okay yeah
tax write off shirts oh okay that number
is much
lower we're up to about 600 so far yeah
cuz again these are only the ones that
people actually attach a merch message
to yeah people are working on the color
blog hoodies too we got a we yeah we got
a couple hundred of those I'm seeing the
Arches championing the pack right now uh
The Arches The Arches we make money on
hey hey if you're buying a tax right off
item now's a great we appreciate it now
is a great time to to check out some of
the Arches which by the way are not as
profitable as some people seem to think
they are oh hey we should probably I'm
just going to message this I saw some I
saw some very interesting speculation
about um our arches and our cable
management arches and the pricing on
them and how they're they're probably
only you know 15 cents of plastic and
and magnets or whatever else and uh I
did kind of want to talk about that a
little bit on the show um something a
lot of folks might not realize is that
one of our whole things is that we kind
of overbuild stuff yeah
um that'd be a little difficult to not
realize but I could see it true yeah
well I mean it's one of those things
where some people just you know
willfully don't pay attention and
there's nothing I can really do about
that uh those kinds of people are a
write-off but for everyone else for
everyone who's willing to pay attention
and willing to listen let's talk a
little bit about why our magnetic Cable
Management arches are so expensive and
why no you are not in fact going to find
a cheap alternative on some other
Marketplace that is exactly the same for
a much lower price so um are you strong
can you rip one of those magnets that
are there for me um this is an early
prototype of our of our extra-large
cable
Arch how do I get my finger in there I
don't
know what Luke's experiencing right now
is the engineering work that was put
into these arches to ensure that the
magnets don't come out it sure doesn't
want to I it was actually a very
difficult problem to solve this this is
a prototype one as well yeah and not
only did we solve that problem ensuring
that the magnets will not accidentally
come out of these which is really
important for safety I genuinely think
my yeah I'm bending it pretty
hard would come off before this I have a
pry tool um not only did we solve that
problem making these safer and more and
and more durable but uh we actually did
it in a way that enhances is your pry
tool just your keys don't worry about
it I have a pride tool I was expecting
like oh wow they like made something for
this it's
just but we did it in a way that
actually enhances their magnetic pull
strength oh cool so uh Jacob who was was
one of our engineers at Creator
warehouse and who did a lot of the
groundw work on the magnetic cable
arches um um did a freaking
like entire course load worth of work on
magnetism and how to optimize not just
the strength of the magnets but also the
properties of their magnetic field so
they're especially strong especially
close and they're Amplified in that way
but as they come off that was less of a
concern for him etc etc so the U the
slug that the slug that holds the magnet
in place is actually um hold on a second
let me check a real one real quick that
might have been something that yeah cuz
these are these are like 3D printed
actually quite early at this point uh
samples as far as my understanding goes
but we have a bin of real ones here good
good good yes so the slug looks sharp
the slug is made of a material that
actually enhances the magnetism of the
magnet and heads exactly the way that we
want them
TOS okay so not a right off this right
here I'm just going to zoom in on Linus
real quick here this right here is the
magnet from the extra-large Cable
Management Arch um I had some people
talking about how serious business
magnet how these are these are these are
crappy and they're not even going to
last cuz magnets don't even last forever
it's like these are neodymium magnets by
the way they will last for as long as
you will um we've got in each of our
manag Ares life is fleeting yeah the he
death of the universe is coming have to
get so one sec entropy is
inevitable got to absolutely mangle
these things Okay so we've got two of
those I'm just going to zero this scale
real Qui oh hold on I'm just going to
zero this scale real quick here hum be
squishy I like that one too that one's
good okay there we go so I've zeroed my
scale I'm putting my magnets on it um so
for the folks who think that you're just
going to find this this Arch and yeah
it's expensive I've I've never denied
that our products are
costly but they're costly to us which is
why they're costly to other people not
because we're just you know gougers and
evil people there's profit margins we're
a company we have to pay people but
we'll get to that in a second first uh
can you tell me um what that reads 28 28
gr so if you look up the cost of
neodymium it's about uh here hold on
neodymium price here we can we can do
this
together that I like that price per
kilogram here we go I like doing things
about $95 per Kil
which means it's about
$9.50 per 100 G which means you are
looking at about $3 worth of magnet just
raw magnet just raw neodymium material
that would that so how in what way do
you buy like bulk neodymium so not only
is that about $3 of raw actual material
yeah but we customized the exact shape
of our magnets in order to optimize them
for our cable management arches so
that's the diameter that's the size of
the donut hole and that's the thickness
so would you buy would you buy that
shaped from a company or did we have to
okay so from a from a magnet so there's
probably a premium on top of the bulk
price there would be premium on top of
the raw material price for anything that
involves any kind of processing yeah
okay so then there's Logistics um
something people may not realize about
magnets is that they're heavy yeah you
have to ship them so you have to ship
them once to where they get to be
integrated with your uh with your
plastic arches then they get to be
shipped again to our warehouse where
they need to be handled and they need to
be stored
um there's also the engineering time
there's the re there's all the work that
went into making sure that our cable
management holders are going to freaking
hold things that's that has to be paid
for someone told me at some point that
that's important yeah yeah that that
that that that matters
um and yeah the company has to make
money we have to account for breakage we
have to account for um you know the
potential for people to want us to
process returns you know we have to pay
customer service people
um basically in a nutshell if you find
something that claims to be our magnetic
Cable Management arches but at a small
fraction of the price then what you know
because you are the kind of person who
is not a write off and who can observe
things yeah and and is and is open to
new ideas uh you will know that it is
not in fact the same thing it is
actually a different thing and you know
what that different thing might be fine
for you we knew that we were making an
extremely premium product that was not
going to make sense for everybody we
knew that but we also knew that what we
wanted was the cable management solution
that I wanted to use and unfortunately
it involves a crap ton
of magnetic
material so yeah I'm sorry they're
expensive also fortunately cuz it's
really cool to use it's a sweet system
yeah I'm happy they did the gift thing
the big one is freaking ridiculous yeah
hey Luke do you want to I mean it really
actually would be helpful because there
is margin in them we we do make money on
we got oh okay there we go but it would
be really helpful oh it's a mess oh it's
so clean oh my good oh it's a mess oh no
oh it's so clean I guess now is a good
time to kind of run through the product
line so uh the the big one the one that
came to me in a dream in the middle of
the night was the power bar one and man
the amount of work that went into
getting the geometry and the
manufacturing just right for the little
like Keyhole one we had to buy dozens of
Power Bars Power Bars uh routers Network
switches anything with that Keyhole
shaped mounting thing uh here I'm just
going to hop over to the store on uh my
computer for a second here
home magnetic Cable Management here we
go Linus laptop uh anchor power bar keys
yeah basically anything with that little
um with that little uh key shaped hole
on the back of it cool I like the gifts
the gifts are good
the if I had done this one I might have
done it vertically um and it would
involve plugging in and unplugging
something into the outlet take it off
plug it in and put it back because this
was a major oh that's pretty sick this
was a major product design consideration
for me oh dude if it's blindly under
your desk and I could just reach and
grab it and plug something in and just
put it back not only that but the magnet
is so strong that you don't have to pull
it
off you can unplug something from
it unless you have the world's tightest
Outlet holes which you probably don't
you can unplug something from it without
pulling the Whole Thing Off the Wall so
that was a major major design
consideration for me and is one of the
reasons that this one has so much bloody
metal in it oh my was because we wanted
the hold strength to be great enough
that makes sense I my use case was like
I could pull it off and then look at it
and like decide where I want to plug it
in but I see what you're talking about
this one is my personal favorite one and
it's selling really well because it
solves a problem that unlike some of the
other ones there is not a current
solution for um no I'm not talking like
there isn't a better solution there just
isn't a current solution for it and it's
really elegant the way that it
installs stays on there it stays on
really good and then just sticks onto
stuff I absolutely love this product um
but then you know the the dream didn't
end there the next big one was this one
the power brick holders yeah same thing
we wanted to be able to accommodate even
gigantic chunky like laptop or dock
power bricks that can do you 250 Watts
or whatever else and then we didn't want
to make it huge because we wanted to be
able to accommodate much smaller ones
but this one is designed to be finally a
way to keep your stupid power bricks
organized in a way that is not
horrible um I don't want to see another
power brick on the floor in our office
basically anymore so we show it can you
show us how this works because someone
was in one of the product photos yeah it
shows that uh where the strap goes looks
like it's a very
small a small little hole oh here we go
oh yeah sure I'd be happy to show how
Okay do I have any uh ZIP cable
ties IIT I do I have I have I have I
have I have okay yeah here so I can show
you guys how this works
um man so are these cable ties specific
to this thing nope yeah they're longer
oh these go with a different thing don't
worry about it got it okay so basically
we've got H do I have any oh yeah there
you go you can kind of see it so there's
kind of like a keyhole shaped thing so
it
it has
overhangs know I see how it works now in
mold design are a little tricky but hey
we got good Engineers um so what you do
is you take the cable tie
hole and yeah that's pretty cool it's a
little bit of a pain the first time in
particular but you make sure it gets
under that spot there you kind of want
it to be cuz then it's going to be you
know it's going to be snug and then it's
on there yeah right so then you put your
thing you know whatever it is note 9 you
wrap it around nice
and you get it on there then you do the
other one and it's ready to go sweet
okay that makes sense yep cuz some
people were looking at the the little
hole and thinking like is this for zap
straps not cable ties but no it's just
it's on the other side that makes sense
y I promise you whatever you see about
them way more thought was put into it
then should no well that's why I wanted
you to to show me cuz I was like I'm
sure there's there's something going on
I just I know um so yeah lus laptop so
this one I absolutely love and then the
cable tie holders actually I think these
are the top seller so far no no they're
not no they're not these are moving
really well as well though um but what's
cool about these ones is we realized
okay yeah arches are cool but you don't
always have a ton of room so these run
parallel to the cables oh so they hide
really nice um they're think about that
they're less convenient no right because
you're still essentially using cable
ties right but you're using cable ties
that can be anchored and can be really
really um stealthily run and you can
kind of put a cable tie anywhere now
well yeah and like one of the issues
with cable ties is you'll have like sag
in the route or whatever or it has to go
around something that often can't happen
yada y y so you can keep it nice and so
the geometry here is cool because we've
got a really nice high-profile run under
here looks like a SciFi Bridge so if you
have a very small Cable Bundle or a
longer cable tie you just wrap more
times and there will still be enough
clearance for the uh for the magnets to
grab yeah so this one's great and then
of course I think the Arches are the are
the top C the bread and butter the bread
and butter the meat and potatoes man the
big one is cray cray if you want to see
these things in action really well um
the there's a there's a clip from the
building the the the land gaming
machines at my house where I cable
manage the back of my server rack my
whole setup at home has been waiting for
this and I've got freaking like bundles
of wires that
like like taking the big one and like
getting it down on the one side and like
stuffing them in there like and then
it's just there's some grabs dude it I'm
not going to call out the brand too much
but there's some funky cables in the
server room over at the lab
and these Mondo arches kind of saved the
cable management of those cables cuz
they were they're very big and uh kind
of unwieldly and there's nothing we
could really do with them and then we
were just like what if we just magged
them all to the wall and it was like
yeah okay that worked you could like we
couldn't really tie them down very well
like there was a lot of issues and then
we're just like
yep we can force it that'll be fine so
basically yeah really exciting launch
it's going really well the power bar is
key quarter 20th thread for hack ability
what oh yeah that's right so okay yes
yes yes how hold on hold on hold
on you mad man what are you talking
about I can't believe you did that
that's sick do I have one of these do
you understand yeah yeah like 10 out of
10 good choice I love you uh here it is
oh here it is here it is okay I got to
see be oh what okay so these are the
power bar keys oh okay yeah yeah yeah
this makes a lot more sense not only is
the I thought power brick not power bar
I was very exed hold on hold on hold on
hold not only is the
geometry uh perfect for running your um
uh sorry for going into one of your you
know power bars or network switches or
whatever else and it really was a very
very significant engineering challenge
to get that I'm sorry I don't have
enough Zoom guys one of these days we're
just going to go full QVC and we're
going to have like you know hand hand
cam don't worry Dan no don't Dan Dan
don't don't worry don't for real um but
as a meme one day you should hire like a
hand model for wo but what's cool I'm
sitting right
here is that it's quarter 20 threaded
down the middle of the of the magnetic
strength enhancing insert so if you
wanted to
hack something else some other shaft
into this thing and mount fliping
anything you wanted with a magnet then
you could like camera gear well
especially camera gear so it was the
camera crew that was like hey uh could
you guys make this yeah cuz they use it
for everything yeah that's wild oh man
it's going to be uh interesting would a
hand model for the wo be a tax rate off
that's a good question yes if if we PID
them which we would have to because
they'd be a person who needs to be paid
yeah so yes they'd be that would be a
right that' be a tax right off good to
know that's good to know so yeah it's it
was man this has been such a long time
coming um there's a couple of notes here
that I'm supposed to read from the team
uh available in four Arch sizes yeah we
talked through all the different
solutions each pack of arches or
accessories comes with matching standard
steel plates and screws okay had a lot
of people questioning why it cost so
much to upgrade to VHB when VHB is cheap
that's so great that VHB is cheap go buy
some and put it on the standard steel
plates it'll work
great so that's why because we didn't
want to charge everyone for VHB which
was a significant Adder compared to
using the more temporary adhesive and
wasn't necessarily useful for everybody
not everyone wants to put something onto
their onto their wall or onto their desk
with what is essentially a permanent
adhesive about as permanent as a
double-sided tape gets it's either
permanent or it's very likely to cause
damage so we wanted the standard load
out to have a much lighter adhesive
nothing prevents you from putting your
own adhesive on those standard plates
and sticking them with whatever you want
to whatever you want and the only cost
to you is a roll of VHB now what we also
knew is not everybody's going to want to
do that some people are just going to be
like eh can't be arsed and they would
rather buy VHB plates from us that's
where the VHB plates came from and you
know what the handling costs of like
sleeves of of of taped
things yeah it adds to it adds to the
price of it there's a lot of overhead in
uh in the actual production of the
stupid things and the packaging and the
shipping and the handling so yeah it's
not as cheap but hey you can buy a roll
of VHB tape and it comes with the steel
plates that you need so you're good to
go as for the silicone grips um people
were questioning what they're for yeah
this is cool though okay so for maximum
magnetic holding strength along this
axis okay you want the magnet directly
on the metal
surface anything in between you're going
to compromise some of that holding
strength remember I did say that the
magnetic fields are optimized right
right right next to the magnets and
that's true of pretty much any magnet
because it's like a whatever inverse
square or whatever but the point is that
magnetic field strength Falls away like
exponentially essentially so any magnet
the closer you are the better so we made
the design decision very early on to not
recess the magnets into the plastic
whoops there uh not recess the magnets
under the plastic because that would
have reduce the risk of scratching but
it would have hurt the hold strength
which for me was the top priority as
concerned about the metal thing that
you're sticking these arches onto um
getting scratched by you know
potentially having it shift slightly
then what you want is the silicone
stickers which you can put onto your
server Rack or put onto your desk that
will sit in between the magnet and your
and your nice you know not wanting to be
scratched surface and yeah you lose a
little bit of hold strength however what
you gain and this is not the right one
for this don't worry we have them in all
the rate sizes uh what you will gain is
much better strength on the Y AIS that
makes sense yeah so it won't shift
around as much and it won't scratch yeah
um but you lose a little bit of strength
and they're very strong so that's
probably okay yeah it's totally fine
yeah um so we have we have some bundles
if you're not sure where to start the
essential the home and server bundles
and you can get them all at LTD
store.com
MCM I want to eventually have uh um
Conrad and potentially others involved
make a cable management configurator you
know how we have the deskpad
configurator there are a lot of pitfalls
I know there's a lot of
variations also we're now working in 3D
space and you have to deal with
different cables and different sizes of
cabl oh my God you want people to be
able to put them on their desk I thought
you just meant like a a configurator so
you can like order all the things no I
want people to be able to design their
desk I think it would be sweet let's not
put R&D into that yet we haven't because
of exactly the reasons that you're
thinking um but it would be cool if
you're curious about if you want to
learn a little bit more about some of
the work that went into making these a
reality we're going to have a newsletter
out so sign up for the newsletter on LTT
store.com good one um and we'll have
that out to you guys hopefully in the
next you know week or two but hey you
know things take as long as they take
until they're good uh so here's where to
sign up for the newsletter you can also
see an archive of past news newsletters
here if you want to learn a little bit
more about the Precision screwdriver
that backpack that was uh that survived
a mine um lasers
Etc all right people are saying that the
configurator could be a tax rateof oh my
God which is interesting maybe a path to
consider Luke I think I've got enough
tax write off for today um let's see
let's see how much I think you've got
more than enough sir I think you have
significantly more than
enough ridiculous let's see how our tax
Roff shirt is doing I knew you guys
would love this tax Rite off shirt good
Lord almost a thousand yeah I mean it's
a $10 t-shirt it's a really nice t-shirt
yeah it's the same quality as all the
other t-shirts yep and in a great color
taxs right off Perry Winkle and tax
right off
pink oh man oh man all right uh what are
we supposed to do oh we're supposed to
oh what Perry Winkle is sold out already
yeah every size
holy
crap um huh well this is maybe oh is
pink sold out as well no pink is sold
out in most sizes this is really going
to hurt our ability to write off um
extra extra large and triple extra large
hold on a second
wait yeah there's only large and extra
large left in pink that's it okay this
might be a problem yeah maybe it was
price too
low just a thought
uh Mr Nick light you you're live on the
WAN show hi um we have a significant
problem with the tax write off shirt
yeah we're not able to write off any
more taxes because we've run out of
stock what can we
do
uh that seems like
a a question that answers itself right
off budget is full okay you should you
should pull a ninja move and change it
to
$99 um I'm just I'm I'm worried Nick I'm
worried Nick that we won't be able to
write off enough for our taxes this year
okay well let me uh I guess let me look
into
that okay see if anything can be done
that I guess all right can you can you
let me know in the next little bit here
if there's anything else we can write
off I'll I'll do my best
okay don't worry they're buying lots of
cable
management I I sure hope they are okay
all right okay we're going to work on it
goodbye okay all right thanks Nick okay
all right he's working on it we got to
optimize our writeoffs here uh in the
meantime do you want to explain to the
people how merch messages work I'm dying
that's that's a you thing you do that
all right I'll explain how merch
messages work the way to interact with
the show is not with twitch bits not
with super chats it's with merch
messages a tool that was built by our
very own float plane te team and is
freaking awesome sorry let's go let's go
basically all you got to do is head to
LTT store.com pick up something put it
in your cart and in your cart you will
see a box for Merch messages that
message will go to producer Dan how are
you doing by the
way uh who will um do his
best to forward your message to the
appropriate Department reply to you uh
throw your message up onto the screen
for everybody to see you know if you
have a shout out to your mom or to your
friend's mom if you know what I'm saying
it'll it'll go up there you're not even
paying attention are you I'm actually
trying to help Dan that's that's cool um
it's fine it's fine or it will get
curated for me and Luke uh and we will
uh we will address your question here on
the show sometimes for like ever yeah
for a very long time today it's not
going to go forever we got to play Super
checks for the
yeah there's got to be a super super
checks after party so it's going to be
it's going to be great if you're on
float plane we've got the archive from
it last one was fun people seem to like
it oh people seem to be super into it um
yeah I think people were surprised at
how fun it was actually yeah super check
is the comments were like wow this is
actually pretty fun to watch it's like
yeah yeah we we uploaded that as an
extra exclusive last week yeah oh
speaking of flow plane exclusives yeah
uh okay so hold on here's the here's the
live stream VOD from super checks yeah
the uh the reviews are
in yeah zero dislikes let's go super
checks Afterparty very
popular um anyway here's here's some
gameplay look at that save
dude look at that less of a save well R
that's a goal for lonus anyway the point
is always read color balance is wrong I
need to fix that super checks lots of
fun uh this is great uh the float plane
team asked me to do a little sneak peek
of this so this is
this is from the team liked it this is
from the oh that's hilarious the
upcoming collab with the one the only
Ludwig so we built the PC that punishes
the user um it's got a variety of uh of
servos and relays on it uh it's got an
integration with Minecraft courtesy of
signal RGB and basically every time he
goes in the water and we put him on this
wipe out course every time he goes in
the water his Beday go off and spray him
uh if he dies there's a variety of
effects that will hit him with
everything including these little uh gel
ball blast this little gel ball Blaster
here to a fart Cannon which like left
well oh yeah it really hurt um the point
is it's going to be an absolutely
awesome movie movie it's going to be an
absolutely awesome video and yeah thanks
it's going to be an awesome video and
we're going to have some exclusives on
float plane including the sneak peek and
maybe we'll maybe we'll do an uncut this
time uh and this is why we need to fight
we need to fight yeah I warned him in
the in the uh in the what do you call it
pre-show I warned him in the pre-stream
pre-show that we have on Flo plan and
also technically twitch uh that we were
going to fight this stream I prepped it
but I didn't tell him why this is the
topic are you salty that I didn't tell
you lewig was coming and you didn't get
to hang out so yes but also I'm very
sorry it actually did not occur to me I
was very flustered that day there's
multiple other things oh okay apparently
we're fighting about a lot of things so
that's that's one of them hang out with
lewick would have been cool but you even
mentioned with the the the like the
entire Badminton Center screen thing
you're like oh I should have brought you
over what do you think would have been
the most entertaining thing for me to be
engaged with probably in the last
multiple years that we've done probably
the punishment
PC yeah I okay okay f um that looked
insanely fun it still like works right I
don't know oh man we should do like an
extras thing of just like random people
in the company trying to do it I would
love to do that you want to try the so
much
fun I I like had work to do but I like
just sitting there watching it happen
was like fantastic okay I'll tell you
what I'll tell you what it looked so
good I promise you it's been broken down
hold on hold on I promise you TI ends
down I promise you if and this is
actually some very bad news oh boy we
got some news from the city of su that
we may not be allowed to do land events
at the Badminton Center we're going to
work with them I'm I I am confident my
team is Sag cuz that was this was a lot
of I know I understand other people also
put a lot of work in but I hold on I am
confident that we can we can find a
solution together at this time I'm still
confident okay cool um they they have
expressed a variety of concerns that I
think we can address if if as long as
everyone is is moving forward together
in good faith yeah that I think we can
address cool okay as long as it goes
forward as long as it goes forward I
promise you at one of those whand events
at least we will Resurrect The
Punishment PC that's amazing okay
because the code is done and that was
the hard part yeah was the esp32 based
server and the integration with signal
RGB and you want to be involved you need
to bring a change of clothes in a towel
you you should bring two changes of
clothes in two towels yeah uh we we had
to redress him multiple
times that's amazing the last the last
the last part this is a the triple part
thing um I think you cheated on me I
cheated on you yeah sorry what yeah yeah
I would never play Super checks with
anyone
else no the shot callers the shot
callers it didn't technically happen but
you had intention and I don't think
electroboom counts because my reasoning
for this if you are in a European
country that does cheat kisses you do
cheat kisses that is not cheating even
though it's kisses if you're hanging out
with elra booom you're going to get
shocked this is fine okay okay this is
fine but there was a plan for shot
colors and I was not involved I see okay
so so
our our exclusive thing is
BDSM is that what you're saying that was
really
close I think it went back into the
bortle uh yes I guess I
guess I guess so I see okay I'll keep it
in mind I didn't really fully put that
together until now but yeah yeah yeah
anyways I'll keep it in mind I'm just
messing around but that I watched I
didn't watch the whole thing lus do you
say to Luke
upes
I'm sorry I'm not I'm I'm not but I'm
sorry oh my goodness all righty
then usually the show doesn't get this
unhinged until much later I watched part
of the exclusive footage it's awesome
that's going to be a fantastic lwigs an
A+ Talent s tier world class Talent um
he
is he has the same level of get it done
at any cost I could I was only there for
like a couple minutes and I could tell
which is just that's cool the guy's Next
Level to say that he was a good sport
about everything that happened to him
while he was here would be a gross
understatement um let me put it this way
at one point he had to sit on a toilet
that had a GoPro in the
bowl
barely even phased
him that sounds about right yeah my
um yeah I don't even know if I want to
mention it or
not my favorite YouTube video of of
potentially all time is I've sent it to
you even I don't even send last that
many videos you know what I'm talking
about yes I know one you're talking
about it's one of lwigs no technically
not it's one of slimes yes top salty ice
clg's in it a lot yeah
yeah it's good it's it's like actual top
to your content yeah um anyways all
right cool so anyway yeah that's going
to be a fantastic video um yeah absolute
absolute mad lad check full plan
exclusive check out the full video when
it releases had a ton of fun with them
uh Dan do you want to show us how merch
messages work or do you want Luke to
just pick a couple n it's fine it's fine
we can pick a couple the dashboard is
broken look at this I can't even scroll
in the dashboard it just stops after a
bit mine is working
perfectly uh you're you're limited to
125 merch messages uh no no I I can see
I they'll load in it just it just breaks
the you can you can limit it more if you
want you want more speed kind of got a
bit more resources than you guys do you
want more load bearing or do you want
more speed I got this I I want Nick to
call me back and tell me how we're going
to write off more taxes I think I like
Luke's Ider just starts selling them for
$100 um so so you know you lose money on
almost all of them and then a few random
people are going to buy a pink shirt for
$100 yeah you know how marketing works
okay uh this is a good merch message
question thing uh on this topic do you
see a future where lmg runs entirely on
sales through LTT store.com making
external ads a thing of the past what
could change about the
company that's a really big brain
question
question I think that would be
oversaturation well it depends what LTT
store.com is true
fair yeah what if LTT store.com didn't
only sell LTT merch we already don't
technically we already don't so we could
we already sell Jerry rig everything
knives we already sell we already sell
Swip bed which might have been the
reason that lwig was up here collabing
also just cuz he's a bro but like that
might make sense why he was sitting on a
toilet and why his bedet were spraying
him he was up here he was up here uh
talking about his bedet and helping us
out helping us promote the product good
product we might carry uh PTM 7950 was
going to say I don't know if that 100%
counts but I think it does oh that
counts an extra lot yeah it's just it
has LT branding on it but yeah but we're
very clear we're very UPF front this is
a something we made this is a Honeywell
product developed by Honeywell it's a
it's a very excellent phase change
thermal interface material extremely
good longevity extremely good um
extremely low thermal resistance um
really great product so
like there's the very Beginnings there's
the very beginnings of a trajectory and
I think what our big brained viewer has
figured out and if our big brain viewer
was Galaxy brain enough they might also
figure out that one of the things that
we've done for example with ptmc
7950 was used our internal testing
resources to make sure that that thing
that's listed on LTT store.com is really
good if they were quality validated
colossal Galaxy Mondo brain they might
have identified that there is a serious
in ification that's going on in online
retail right now and not just in your
swipe P day equipped toilets
mhm um making it really hard to find
trustworthy sources for just like stuff
you want to buy um so what if there was
a media
organization that aspired
to having a trusted
store I don't know it'd be weird it'd be
weird that would be very yeah that' be
odd beird not useful at all I prefer
Googling what the best product is and
getting 17 different lisal websites and
then going oh I'll just look up Reddit
and then having the Reddit post be
hijacked by an SEO team that's what I
prefer I prefer that
experience but I'm not that big brain
realistically LTT store is one big tax
right off what if what if LTT store
becomes trustme bro.com H it probably
exists already and if it didn't already
exist it's going to get bought before
you can get a chance to acquire it so
it's done it's out I'm wondering if it
already redirects no it doesn't it
redirects somewhere else
oh well it's gone now domains for sale
all right 25 Grand by the way USD yeah I
don't think that's happening so never
mind I mean it'd be a good uh write off
[Music]
um okay um okay Perfection uh Nick's
working on
something we don't need more stuff um
Sarah's Sarah's busy but uh here hold on
oh no here can you just uh who can you
go to my cam for a second here or no go
to your cam go to your cam for a second
here one
my
what so we're generating more
perrywinkle ones with sharpies is that
the you're
untangled
no no Sarah's Sarah's busy so Nick is
making a gray product photo
oh okay that's great Nick I saw the gray
I saw the gray shirt mockup that's
fantastic you've done a terrific job we
don't mean need more though oh did you
show the people yeah I showed the people
I just showed the people right now so
we're going to have some gray uh tax
write off shirts yeah yeah yeah just uh
let them know that you ran out of
graphic design budget like four hours
ago for this project so that's my
handiwork okay good job excellent work I
did like it a lot I will say all right
cool and if you uh if you find any more
inventory of anything else we've got to
write we've got to write them off Nick
yeah I'm waiting uh I'm waiting to hear
back on that I I I I just need to
confirm I don't want you know a bunch of
people to expect they're getting a write
off t-shirt and then to get a you know a
write off email saying that we don't
have that t-shirt so sure I mean do you
want to just put mystery color in there
and then
uh
it is a $10 shirt sure all right cool
yeah that's great all right talk to you
later byebye
bye they're writing it off
Jerry why are we why are we resupplying
it Luke Luke resupply some tall sizes we
are making a point we're still working
on the tall size chill but now they're
not going to be able to afford to
continue development on them no no no
we'll write it off we'll write off the
development oh I'm starting to get this
now I'm starting to get it oh the the
the XL in pink is sold out so there's
only larges in pink left yeah don't
forget about the gray special order
don't forget about gray oh gray is on
the site now it just says gray it's not
a color block it just says no no go
scroll down look look look oh oh that's
amazing this is a gray t-shirt is oh
that in just text is so cool oh my God
actually love this genius this is great
oh oh man don't even try to message
support asking to change your color
shirt or or add it to your existing
order if you want to get this thing you
place a new order I'm so sorry you
better print them like that and I want
one no no no no no no they will not that
is a gray shirt it will not be printed
like that you can do it yourself though
yeah you could use a marker and you
could do that with the pink ones already
sold out no no no no no no no it will be
a gray shirt no Dan you get you get the
pink en llarge and then modify it you
could you could do this yourself for all
right all
right I'm just I'm just going to
download the vector from the server and
Sebastian Sebastian said this is
great it nice it all right uh want to
hit us with another merch message sure I
love that that photo is on the store
that's amazing good job Nick yeah hey
guys I appreciate your quality scripts
I'm curious if you did well in your
school writing classes or if that skill
came later also when and why did you
decide to hire your first staff
writer huh first staff writer I mean
real realistically Luke was kind of
supposed to be like a writer SL episode
prepper from not not at NC but oh yeah
from day Zero of lonus Media Group yeah
and then the next one after that was
John Martin yes and that wasn't until
right before we moved out of the Langley
house yep we tried to hire like a helper
benchmarker for Luke before that yeah
that didn't work out it did not work out
um whether it was because we didn't know
exactly what position we needed or
whether we really have the have the
hiring practices nailed down yet that
might have been a problem that could
have been an issue um that was I think
that was I think the first person Luke
ever fired yes um I wasn't even in town
I think I was first person to get fired
from the company and it was the first
person that I fired yeah l this was like
on vacation or something and I had to
call him and be like yeah so by the way
this is
happening which is an interesting one
for sure um please tell the story I I
think we're good no no I mean we we're
not looking to identify or shame anyone
it just it involved falling asleep at
work multiple times yeah I'll say that
much and that should be all you really
need to know yeah yeah and well also
paired with other thing that actually
wasn't the only problem no but it was
all they need to know yeah yeah
anyways uh oh oh crap um oh my
goodness okay I will deal with this
later it's fine it's fine just my wife
um okay so do you want to hit us with
another merch message with Intel's
upcoming move to Arrow Lake what do you
think the impact of removing hyperth
threading will be for
performance honestly with how many cores
we have in desktop processors now not
convinced that there's going to be a
significant impact
um like Intel I I think don't quote me
on this because everything's
everything's still rumors at this point
but I think the plan is to keep core
counts pretty constant if they make the
kind of expected improvements um to
their efficiency course uh like if those
get significantly faster honestly I
would rather use the power budget not to
mention the the die budget the area
budget
um I'd rather they use it to juice up
the efficiency cores and give me more
multi-threaded performance that way
compared to giving me a secondary thread
on my performance cores that
realistically is not contributing to
overall system responsiveness and system
performance the way that it used to when
intel was going up against AMD or and
AMD had single core processors with no
smt um simultaneous multi-threading
hyper threading um the difference like
as an AMD Fanboy who like kind of
willfully was like La La La at the time
okay I I I hadn't figured out how stupid
fanboyism was yet I was legitimately
kind of
upset when I got my first Intel that era
system um and it was like just a screw
around with system it was like an older
P4 Northwood that I was like oh I'm
going to overclock this KN out of this
thing it'll be funny I'll hits like a
super high frequency but I was rocking
aflon 64 at the time aflon 64 was so
sick and I got this thing running I went
holy hyperthreading is night and
day yeah in Windows XP when we only had
one
core the difference in responsiveness it
was noticeable and I was like oh man and
that was one of the things that made me
so certain that dual core was something
that I needed in my life cuz if that
what just a little bit of extra
efficiency on my one core is going to do
for me man two cores let's go but we're
at a point now where it's not like that
anymore every processor for sale today
pretty much has more than one processing
core and so you're not getting that that
night and day difference you're getting
a marginal difference in certain
workloads and it's coming at a cost of
complexity and power um I'm honestly a
little surprised that AMD chased them to
smt and as far as I know AMD doesn't
have any plans to get rid of it but not
every implementation is built equal and
AMD is certainly not as uh constrained
in their power budgets these days as
Intel is so the only answer that I can
give that I'm certain about is that we
will see and that I'm excited to see how
it turns
out Nick just live editing the store is
like one of my favorite things now oh my
God it's just mystery and then a bunch
of question marks and then the the
picture for
it oh
man this so good the hilarious thing is
like t-shirts are not even something
that are problematic like we don't as
you can tell we only had like a few
hundred of these shirts so like whatever
there was really no point especially
once you started adding gray there's
just no way Luke it's a write off though
Luke it's a write
off oh if Nick can think of if Nick
watching it was so funny until there was
actually Financial consequences and then
it was so not funny for me anymore if
Nick's watching right now if there's
anything else you want to write off
that's not a t-shirt just let me know
just let me know let me know maybe maybe
maybe just one day one
day oh my God these hoodies though short
circuit color blocks sold out TechLink
color blocks sold out LTT color blocks
sold out yeah I wonder why well I just I
don't know thought we had I thought we
had more of these the tech quick still $
hoodie well yeah it's a great hoodie
it's a quality hoodie Luke we gave one
to lwig and he was like this a nice
hoodie yeah yeah that makes sense yeah
it's quality hoodie a nice hoodie yeah
if you can by
all Nick if if you can find any more
hoodies uh make sure that they're
sufficiently written off let's get them
written off because the the vaud people
they're not going to get anything
they're going to get no write off watch
live okay uh let's do another topic what
do you want to talk about you live in
like Europe or something just wake up at
like 4 in the morning yeah exactly and
watch the way show your sleep schedule
oh we need to get sponsors done wake up
for like a 4-Hour Block in the middle of
your night and then go back to sleep how
about this mhm let's make some money the
show is brought to you today by Ridge
we're doing it are you struggling to
pull out this big thing from your pants
it's thick and heavy not to mention the
skin is all wrinkled it's not visually
appealing we know that for sure well our
SP spor Ridge is here to change all of
that you're going to go from floppy to
hard with their minimalistic wallet it's
built to last everyone wants that and I
know what you're thinking Ridge is full
of surprises they have their 11th
anniversary sale event happening right
now you can get up to 30% off all their
wallets and everyday carry Gear with
over 30 colors and styles to choose from
including their new wooden and leather
wallets Ridge will have a design just
for you their wallets hold up to 12
cards and can hold cash with attachable
clip or band and the team over at the
ridge is so confident you'll love their
product they offer a 45-day test drive
period if you're unsatisfied just send
the wallet back and you'll get a full
refund check out ridge's 11th
anniversary sale and get free shipping
using the link down below oo 20% off
Rings the show is also brought to you by
Squarespace how confident are you with
your design skills what because when it
comes to building a website it's no joke
please leave your finger paints at home
I mean we should have had Nick in there
H
Squarespace Squarespace is here to help
save you from a disaster of your own
making it's an all-in-one platform with
a variety of customizable themes and
templates for websites and with their
award-winning designer templates you can
now show off to your whole family and
all your friends I mean look I built
this oh my God mine uh okay what where's
that picture of me from whether you're a
local business a blogger or an artist
Squarespace has you covered all the
templates seamlessly work on mobile
devices as well and Squarespace has all
kinds of tools they offer marketing
features including SEO support email
campaigns and social Tools Plus with
24/7 support someone will always be
there to answer your questions so don't
wait head to squarespace.com when and
you can get 10% off today finally the
show is brought to you by vessie the
weather can be miserable this time of
year but your feet don't have to be
vessie shoes are here to make your feet
dry like mummies while you look like
daddies what
the they claim their shoes are very very
waterproof and that you can walk into as
many puddles as you would like or kick
down snowmen with their grippy Ulta high
top the best thing is that it's not made
with rubber like these generic rain
boots they're light and breathable and
super easy to put on also all their
products are vegan and
crueltyfree with their 365-day warranty
and over 10,000 reviews don't let the
rain stop you from moving check out
vessie they offer all kinds of shoes for
different occasions so you can always
find something to fit your routine now
you can get 15% off your purchase with
code wow at
v.com show we'll also have that linked
down
below all
right do some more merch messages is
that what's next not topics we can do
some topics if you want yeah I think we
should oh my God the merch message per
minute counter is way back up again
let's uh let's do this we're getting a
merch message every 4 seconds right now
little faster than that sometimes can we
do some merch messages so I don't have
to do this again for an
hour uh okay I'm I'm unprepared for the
thing that I wanted to do uh brain where
are you um hello boys Luke I got to know
what are the origins of the byy at the
end of the show I know Christa on level
one text does it as well did one of you
start it does it predate you
both I have a feeling this is one of
those situations you know when like
certain Technologies get simultaneously
invented algebra yeah or calculus I feel
this is like one of those I think we're
just both awesome yeah I mean it's one
of those things where almost almost
nothing you see on the internet is
original yeah like I I had a I had a
bunch of people it's literally the word
like I had a bunch of people speculating
that I wore that um that brown coat yeah
because of because of Technology
connection and it's like you know what I
love technology connections great
Channel he's super cool from what I can
tell uh we've only corresponded by email
like once and I don't know I don't I
don't know a ton about him but I know
his content's great but no I've had that
jacket for almost 10 years the first
time I wore it um I can't I can't I
couldn't find it I went looking for it
that's why I sent you that weird um that
weird picture of you as funkman we used
to do these commercials for the gaming
brand Funk and um at some point was it
for a funk video that I wore the suit
yeah I think it was one of the mous ones
I that's what I thought too but I
couldn't find it I didn't I didn't
realize he oh he does have that jacket
okay yeah it it seems to be basically
exactly the same jacket um but the first
time I wore it was like it was somewhere
between 9 and 10 years ago I got it at
Value Village for like $8 because I
needed sort of a a Salesman looking
jacket but I'm kind of down on my luck
um and it was sort of based on The
Simpsons character Gil and it's like it
it it doesn't it doesn't matter I'm not
in a it's it's not like a a competition
for who thought of it first because
neither of us thought of it first yeah
the idea of wearing a costume of wearing
a jacket that sort of says Professor who
doesn't spend any money on clothing is
not one that either of us invented it's
just it's just a thing that we have both
done on occasion um love his channel and
any resemblance I guess is a happy
accident but yeah no it's definitely
definitely an accident I'm trying to
find it right now I uh I've so far been
unsuccessful but yeah I'm trying to find
it yeah I I wasn't able to find it okay
yeah I wasn't sure how how extensively
you looked I I looked okay I'm not even
bothered
then here we go this is the video that I
sent Luke though um I think this is the
one oh my
God
St so this is a behind the scenes of the
production um blah blah blah this is not
the one you sent me this a different one
okay I thought the KB 460 was the one
that had uh the one you sent me we were
at the parents
place I didn't remember this I just
remembered my like pretending that my
hand was burning on the mous I didn't
remember being in a no that was this is
for a keyboard Luke oh right
yeah so I I couldn't remember a ton of
this stuff dude what when was
this
anyway um so I came across a bunch of
the old Funk stuff when I was looking
for this uh oh hey here's oh hey yeah
here's the actual um ad someone uh
reuploaded
it U so here hold on where's Angry Luke
at it had kind oh wait oh here it is
hey yeah so this was shot nine years ago
yeah and that's the first appearance of
of the jacket am I picking my nose and
smearing it on the window uh
yeah I uh I don't remember any of the
context for for that oh I was pitching a
campaign yeah I think it's like
different varieties of like features
that the product could have or
[Music]
something and anyway
um yeah sweet we've done some weird
stuff over the years now sure have done
some really weird over the
years when you sent me me dressed as
Funk
man all of that came back real quick
yeah why we went in the pool didn't we I
don't remember why but you did like a
you did like a coming out of the pool
and then like the glue that we used to
glue all the fake chest hair onto you
like started coming off a whole
oh I think we got one shot at that shot
oh this is so cool okay this is a teaser
For an upcoming video um Jake is working
on an AI tool for processing our entire
back catalog of footage into its
searchable database so you can be like
Luke holding a keyboard and it'll bring
up every clip of Luke holding a keyboard
this
is crazy cool there are tools for this
out there already I know no no we we
like that we have like messing with one
he's not making one no okay okay no no
no no no yeah no we we have a video
coming it's oh so cool and combined with
the ultra fast storage video do you feel
like incredibly Vindicated now for
keeping everything no no even now we're
not going to use it like most of the
time yeah but if we're ever looking for
Alex in a
workshop wow yeah but it narrows it down
a lot compared to mvi
0078 yeah it's it's a totally totally
different ball game very excited no
we're not going to upload every video
clip to Google photos that's not how
that works oh my goodness I'd have to
buy pedabytes of storage on Google
photos um
ridiculous
um
okay okay he's adding more he found some
more pink and perrywinkle and he's
adding some more are crazy we're
going to write it
off don't even think about asking to
have an order edited because everything
will be gone before you even get a
chance just if you want an order for any
of this stuff get it in there
um oh man it's the right off sale dude
why it's the right off
sale um okay another merch message a new
topic I'm kind of thinking about making
this an annual event it's around tax
time around tax time the pre-tax time
write off event why wouldn't you do post
tax time because then people get their
their tax returns because I I'm
concerned about my tax returns I got to
write it off us Luke yeah it's not about
them yeah I've got stuff to write
off okay um what's the what's the next
topic how do I get out of here how do I
get us to write off less things the
door's over there yeah Dan said we need
merch messages so just could do whatever
I need a break technically the card says
merch
messages all right now it says two to
three dos says move on Luke get over it
okay uh Airbnb bans snooping Airbnb will
be banning indoor security cameras and
other recording devices from rental
listings beginning April 30th they will
also now require host to disclose the
presid of deciel
monitors yeah so many hosts have
policies for their airbnbs that you
can't have a party or you can't have too
many people over so you can set up a
decibel monitor to notify you if the
noise level goes above a certain amount
or if they're going real hard
yeah like there could be a variety of
things that could or or if they have a
pet so a barking dog would trigger it as
well so there's a variety of reasons
that hosts might include decel meters in
their Suites anyway carry on okay yeah
yeah yeah um airbnb's previous policy
was to merely limit the use of cameras
to common areas and require that they
are not uh require that they are not
hidden uh but it didn't require that the
host disclosed their location or whether
or not they were inside or outside there
was likewise an ambiguity over spaces
that weren't bedrooms but nonetheless
certain uh nonetheless sorry contain a
couch or futon sufficient for sleeping
this ambiguity has led to problems like
cameras being placed inappropriately
close to the entrance of bathrooms uh
Airbnb likewise has a spotty track
record of responding to complaints about
surveillance as exemplified by a 2019
report of a family finding a hidden
camera disguised as a smoke detector
where the host was initially exonerated
then later banned and the family
refunded I'm pretty sure that was after
they like blew it up on Twitter or
something yeah um it just I don't
believe this happened naturally
discussion question is a man not
entitled to the sweat of his brow and
the footage from surveillance cameras
inside of his rental
property no it's obviously BS
honestly well I mean for me I just don't
feel like this um is going to do
anything no If people really wanted like
the the like dirty cameras they were
trying to hide them anyways um and so I
just don't really I don't really
understand the point of of this policy
change I mean yeah I guess having a
policy yeah they can ban people more
easily but I think it's I think it's
more about plausible deniability for
Airbnb and covering their own legal
liability than it is about actually
protecting the users because the hidden
cameras are the users like what I want
to know see
is what is what what is what is the
enforcement of this look like because
hidden cameras are already banned but as
far as I can tell it's the hidden
cameras the actual problem you you sold
me on this I was like no this this makes
sense this will help somewhat and yeah
no not at all because people that were
doing this nefariously were already
hiding it um and that was already
against the rules so this is like this
is like Banning the appropriate it's not
even appropriate Banning the not really
that bad but still bad part of something
but leaving the really bad part of it
just fine cuz it was already banned and
people were already it's one of those
things it's like it's a really bad
analogy but I'm sure there's a good
analogy out there the point the point is
just that um you're you're not really
you're not really keeping the the Naro
Wells from continuing to do what they
were doing yeah um going to break the
law anyways honestly unless Airbnb is
doing any actual auditing on their
operators I don't see how they're going
to affect any kind of meaningful change
there's no way they're going
to I the there's there's no
way they could have a system where they
have like a small team of people that
like randomly checks in on airbnbs but
there's no way they could do all of them
and here's a problem for me is that if I
was an Airbnb operator which I'm not I
feel like this could push me
underground because there is no possible
way that I would have a property
particularly one that I'm not living at
like if I had a like if I had let's say
for example I had a vacation property
that I didn't live at fulltime and I
Airbnb 11 months out of the year and I
used occasionally I don't but let's say
that I
did what I'm not going to
have functionally any surveillance
cameras even in the very common areas so
I'm not going to have any record if say
for example uh a fire was started in the
kitchen oh yeah this is like so can I
play like kind of Devil's Advocate here
a little bit and kind of go okay so then
what is my recourse well now cuz there's
absolutely no way that I'm not going to
have at least a camera in a
kitchen if I if I was an operator which
I'm not because partly because I'd be
paranoid about this kind of thing this
is this I I think your reasoning there
is fair and good but I think the
ultimate answer is that the Golden Days
V BNB is like over and people should
just go back to cheap
hotels okay you skipped ahead in our
conversation a little bit I I wanted to
play devil's advocate for a little bit
longer yeah but I think I think it's
fair I mean yeah if you don't live there
if there's no other way to observe cuz
like at a hotel yeah you don't have
cameras inside the rooms but you have
cameras in the hallways y the common
areas and the and the common areas and
you have Hotel staff that are working
there so you have some amount of there's
attendance a level of expectation that
somebody is on hand to deal with a
problem but if if nobody is on hand to
deal with a problem Kevin S FL plane
says isn't that what's insurance for
yeah but do you know how much lower your
insurance premiums are if you have
cameras if you and do you have any idea
what how much easier that conversation
is going to go with your insurance
provider if you have photographic proof
of what
happened absolutely so no yeah the yes
insurance is exactly why I would want to
make sure that I have cameras in in
particular zones do you need do you need
a camera mounted to the bottom of your
hot tub at a 45 degree angle toward the
seat no obviously not is that a thing
that's happened I don't know a pro I
mean you name it some perv has put a
camera in it probably uh but the point
that I'm trying to make is that there
are legitimate places where if I was an
Airbnb operator I'd be looking at this
going okay well now I'm not allowed to
do this so I'm just going to do it
sneakier um and you know man I I think
about the tech savviness of the average
person and for every airbn B owner with
a hidden camera who Gets Busted by a
really Savvy uh
renter there's got to be aund or a
thousand that don't there was one
interesting idea uh someone said bring a
travel router and unplug
theirs yeah that's that's not a bad idea
pretty decent idea to be honest that's
like pretty solid actually yeah um I
don't know where the message went so
sorry I can't quote your name yeah this
is another thing Nova Frost says the
hidden cameras are mostly nefarious
actors in them without the owner knowing
about them I think that that's probably
a lot of it but I also think that that's
a lot of excuses it's a very good excuse
and I mean here's another thing like I
would definitely want a camera pointed
at my internet setup I've got a camera
pointed at my rack right
now you do technically of course I do
yeah I have at least three cameras
pointed at racks that belong to me right
now because and ones that don't even if
all you want to know is are the activ
LEDs on that working like if your
internet's up but something else is
wrong like there's are the fans spinning
on that server is that server on or not
like there's a there's a hundred reasons
that you would want a camera pointed at
J rack yeah um like say you're a twitch
streamer for example sorry um anyway the
point the point I'm trying to make is
that
um I would consider it to be
unacceptable for me to not for me to not
be able to monitor if if someone is
messing with the networking in the
Airbnb and potentially endangering
future guests so I like okay well what's
the what's the middle ground here I'll
just not I'll just not Airbnb my house
yes thank you we know you got to the we
know you got the answer Loop God hostels
are fun and super cheap I've stayed at a
hostel for 30 bucks and it was cool met
some cool people often get really good
suggestions of like places to go places
to eat things to go
see I understand that I understand that
Nick has found some more things to write
off oh no uh what are we what are we
looking at here okay so the tax write
off
shirt
um oh okay oh it's actually not clear
that that's a that that's an option but
okay sure whatever mystery okay so a
perrywinkle and pink oh man did he bring
them back and are they already gone
again probably well there's some gray my
goodness uh there's still there's still
some gray and uh mystery definitely
exists and then what what else is going
on here uh oh my God he's adding more
things uh what okay things are things
are getting a little bit crazy I'm not
sure where do I find all the tax right I
give up let's burn it down faster what
is it oh here we go what's on sale okay
uh tax write off shirt oh okay okay so
here's everything in the tax write off
sale wow uh that's a thing you can
do what like view all of the crazy
discounts I guess
so uh okay oh he says hold on he says
hold on hold on in all caps there's an
extra eye in there okay uh let's do
another topic then shall we sure yeah
hold on hold on to yourself uh what we
do this is going to hurt sorry this a
fairly quick topic EU AI regulations the
European Parliament has voted to adopt
the EU AI act this is crazy like the
unit count keeps going up like wild but
the revenue doesn't go
up and the profit goes down good good
this is good we need it to offset any
gain that the company might have from
the magnets where like it would have
gone to our heads yeah yeah okay TR to
keep ourselves leveled um the yeah
anyways European Parliament they voted
to adopt the EU AI act which bans AI
enabled social scoring exploitative
Behavior engineering and emotion
recognition systems at work or school
and limits law enforcement's use of
Biometrics except in exhaustively listed
and narrowly defined situations not sure
what exhaustively listed means
exhaustively listed means that the list
is
allinclusive so it it it includes every
allowed scenario so that there's no
ambiguity in the interpretation of when
it's allowed ah I understand okay okay
uh the ACT also includes stricter
scrutiny and transparency requirements
based on the potential risk of an AI
system some have criticized the act as
for going too far and placing European
AI firms at a disadvantage in terms of
development and raising Capital it will
be some time before the new law does
take effect with its new Provisions
rolling out in phases over the course of
the next two
years yeah personally I'm not super
worried about the poor companies not
being able to raise Capital so that they
can make EXP ative behavioral
Engineering Systems but um AI enabled
social scoring oh my God all of these
things are like horrible emotion
recognition systems at work or school
meanwhile in America you've got cars
raiding your driving patterns and
probably using machine learning models
to determine what your insurance like in
order to determine um you know I would
be the insurance companies that are
probably using some kind of machine
learning to take that massive amount of
data and distill it down into how much
your premium should
be America has got some stuff to figure
out M and to be clear look I I I always
feel like I have to do this where
anytime I'm calling out you know the
problems that exist in America so many
of our own problems we have we have lots
of our own problems we're we're we got
problems okay we're we're problem we're
problem Bros I've been been sick for a
month to get an appointment with my
family doctor it takes longer than a
month and when I went to the clinic uh I
had a maximum of five minutes I was able
to see the doctor for okay your doctor
sucks my answer was uh I don't know
something viral and then they kicked me
out yeah your doctor blows chunks Canada
in case you're wondering mine's actually
really good but it can be hard to find
one especially Vancouver really good
like you can see them quickly uh if we
really need to we can see them in a
pretty reasonable amount of time that's
the problem all my symptoms have been
mostly pretty mild yes so the really
need to is not there it would be so it
takes over a month it would be a few
weeks but there's absolutely no way that
she would like kick me out after 5
minutes or whatever no no no that's the
walk-in clinic oh the walk-in clinics
are terrible yeah my family doctor
doesn't kick you out right away it just
takes forever unless you have very
serious symptoms going on it takes
forever to forget it it's I if I need to
be seen quickly I just didn't if I'm
sick for multiple weeks I don't want to
like if I'm talking to you and other
people about like why I'm still sick I
don't want to be like yeah and I haven't
gone to see anyone so I went to the the
the walk-in clinic is like more of a
formality than anything I kind of knew
there was going to be nothing good
coming from that unless I can tell them
what's wrong with me it's basically
useless if I'm like hey I have this I
need this thing and they're like uh yeah
it seems about right here you go they'll
like write me a thing yeah just just
take some Ivermectin and then you're
good to go nice no more worms yeah drink
some bleach no more worm do not do
either of those things I mean if if I
did drink bleach I don't think I would
be sick anymore
yeah you'd have a condition of some sort
problem solved not medical advice he's
come he's come up with an acute case of
riger
mortise I'm
not uh I'm going top I'm going to type
that yeah I know I know yeah yeah yeah
it's it's it's it's it's localized below
the waist we get
it all right he got it oh man I don't
even have to tell jokes anymore just
laugh hard enough and lus knows what I'm
thinking yeah well anyways um next
topic weird notebook check article about
our video yeah this is super weird um
the original version of it credited this
photo to PlayStation which I thought was
really interesting oh yeah I know I did
see this so they've made at least one
change to it
um everything about this is super weird
well-known Tech YouTuber declares PS5
dead wants to provide proof by building
his own PC for the same price and fails
all along the line so this appears to be
in reference to our It's Time to Kill
the PlayStation 5 video where we made a
um like a a secondhand crack at taking a
PS5 budget and trying to build a PC that
is competitive and ultimately came to
the conclusion that the PS5 Xbox series
X Generation for a variety of reasons
have held on to their better value than
an equivalently priced PC title much
longer than expected and longer than
previous generations and that if you
wanted to buy with brand new hardware
you are still better off buying a PS5
than you are today however if you're
willing to dive into the secondhand
market and put something together
yourself you can get competitive it is
possible today but you'll have to be a
little bit patient and try to find a
deal so the writer took all of that and
came away with um that it requires
compromises that hardly any gamer would
make I guess they've never been to a
land party because yeah I I so I had not
watched the video sure but I did skim
this and I found that line and was like
huh so I went and looked at the parts
list and genuinely stared at for a while
being like what if this would I not
do this all seems quite reasonable I
don't understand the number of trash
tier inherited cases that I have seen at
land parties yeah outnumbers the nice
brand new ones there was an ER where
there would be custom systems in Old
Dell and HP cases at every single land
that would be like a quarter of the
system of course it was absolutely of
course there were uh there's no question
the gaming PC offers more possibilities
Tech wanted to prove the opposite and
embarked on an ambitious experiment he
put together a gaming PC that would
offer better performance than the PS5 at
a comparable price however a number of
difficulties arose that the YouTuber had
apparently not considered the project
can therefore be considered a failure
I'm going to reference you as the
YouTuber from now thank you I love that
that's so good here's the
thing writer of this
article by the time we've uploaded the
video we know the
outcome this may surprise you that's
nuts but there is a period after when we
have conceived of an idea and film the
video where the video is filmed and all
the information is known and it is being
edited before it is uploaded the project
is exactly what we set out to do which
was to look at what it would take to
build a PC for the budget of a
PlayStation
5 so um the project was a
success because we built a PC that was
fairly equivalent to the PlayStation 5
in raw performance but did have
compromises which we met head on
acknowledging in the video even things
that most people probably wouldn't be
aware of did you know for example that
hdr on Intel Arc is a mess no it's
because they use the standard direct X12
implementation which many game
developers don't use instead they use
AMD and nvidia's own proprietary Flags
because they predate the standard
implementation so you'll be playing a
game on AMD or Nvidia Hardware in HDR
and HDR will work and you'll play that
same game on in
and it will be all washed out you know
like it'll have that kind of log footage
look um like it's not graded um and
that's that's a known issue it wasn't
one that I knew about before this
project but that's that's part of the
Journey of discovery of doing things
like this is is you learn it's it's a
learning outcome uh was initially able
to obtain all components at are price
comparable to the purchase price of the
PS5 however this was only possible
because the YouTuber decided to buy used
Hardware without a warranty oh no the
total price is not really realistic yes
it is um this was all stuff we found uh
lus received the case free of charge due
to signs of use signs of use I love him
describing this case as having signs of
use the thing was trashed um and getting
a case for nothing is a thing you can do
it absolutely you just have to be
patient and you have to be willing to
use one that's kind of trashed um
additional costs would have to be
planned for this no they wouldn't um the
shipping costs for the individual
components are also not included and
this is true but a lot of the parts that
we found in fact we found better deals
that we didn't include because we were
worried that they wouldn't be
reproducible uh David found a way better
CPU for the same price for example on
Facebook Marketplace which he could have
gone and gotten and yes there are some
you know Transit costs that you would
maybe have to account to there but no
these are actually things that you could
obtain it is true that we didn't account
for the cost of the operating system in
peripherals that is accurate but you can
use Windows without paying for it even
if you
shouldn't um and we acknowledged that we
didn't include the cost of peripherals
we also didn't include the additional
cost of buying games on the PlayStation
Store games on PlayStation are more
expensive buy and large than buying them
on PC if you wanted to play a
multiplayer game wouldn't you have to
buy the ps+ thing or whatever it's
called as well um I'm not sure how it
works these days I haven't I haven't
daily driven a PlayStation basically in
forever so or basically forever um
the newest PlayStation I own is a p
PS2 that should give you some idea hey
me too um buying new hardware would cost
over $1,000 this is true but it wasn't
what we were talking about uh wait if
you want to rebuild the PC sorry hold on
a second if you want to rebuild the PC
you have to plan for significantly
higher costs if you want to rebuild it
okay I'm I'm really not sure what that
means maybe they mean like build the one
that you SPC out the advantage of gaming
consoles is that they uh are ready to
use straight out of the box yes yes yes
yes um it is therefore unlikely many
gamers would follow the YouTuber's
example and build their own PC from used
Hardware instead of buying a PlayStation
5 you're right and that's exactly our
point with exercises like this and with
scrapyard Wars is that they should um
and one of the scrapyard Wars I've made
my own there's benefits guys there's
benefits to learning that's like saying
a lot of people are saying it's AI
generated article no I don't think so
yeah I didn't actually think it was
either there there's there's this this
article feels a little bit like saying
um that we should have made a video
about hiring a plumber to come and
repair our sink instead of you know
going to um to a a building materials
refurbisher and buying a used sink and
installing it ourselves and learning
something and saving some
money the are you talking about
like are you are you even are you is
that an interesting video is that is
that good life
advice Honestly though yeah fair enough
is that what we should be promoting just
have someone build it for you don't do
anything yourself don't learn pay as
much as you
can I just I don't I don't get
it we we never at any point in the video
were were dishonest in any way I'm just
going through uh our success or lack
thereof however you want to Define that
online listicles and finding free
computer cases right now I know I found
a few already not listicles listings
what is listicles listicles is an
article that's a list oh right yeah
don't worry about it um anyway so there
I have some notes from from Jessica here
uh wait really what's up oh uh Jessica
says I have read the article in German
and it is basically the same in both
languages also I am fairly certain the
author is not an AI I didn't know
Jessica was I didn't know she could read
German okay Nei cool though he posts
around four relatively short articles
every day to notebook check usually two
articles in German plus their English
translations I believe this to be
non-suspicious yeah that's fair um she
also said odd factors from the article
the article provides a summary that
misunder understands the purpose of the
video and dismisses the project as a
failure essentially because we chose to
buy used Hardware without a warranty
it is also extremely dismissive of
trying to build your own PC simply
because a lot of Gamers won't want to
spend a lot of time on it or don't have
the skill and will choose to do
something else instead well I've which
is fair enough got a few words for the
writer of that article and they
are maybe you should get good yeah got
him maybe the writer the article should
buy a screwdriver and get free shipping
on a tax rate off sh maybe your maybe
your readers would be more likely to
build their own PCS and save money and
learn something if you promoted that
instead of just buying a console that's
a bad idea why do you even work at
notebook
check because you don't build your own
notebook okay then why is notebook check
even like the consoles of the computer
work dude it's actually kind of a
bizarre thing to me like the the the
amount of coverage that some YouTubers
get from traditional
media um when they do something positive
versus the amount of coverage that we
get when we do something positive and
then how everyone how everyone is
talking about it when anything negative
happens with us it's like so they
clearly all know who we
are but only in the context of when
there's something negative to report on
it's it's do you think we do that with
Wow become a bit of a pattern I think we
report on positive things yeah but like
car companies we always report when they
do bad stuff do they ever do good things
maybe um trying to think what we've
talked about that's been good lately
so far Flo plane chat just thinks they
don't do good things that's fair things
are pretty distopian these days concept
cars I the rules I don't know if that I
would consider that a good thing anyway
this was something that uh this was
something that popped up to me um I do
wonder how much coverage is simply paid
lonus I hope this finds you well I
writing in regard to my last email in
which we discussed featuring you in the
top 10 inspiring leaders of 2020 24 as
mentioned previously you will be
presented with a two full page profile
in the magazine that includes a headshot
of the leader a high resolution PDF of
your profile an HTML link with a
backlink a digital logo a media press
release and a digital certificate of
recognition for the nominal fee of
$1,500 nice dude these come in extremely
regularly and I consider them to be kind
of ridiculous and I didn't know that was
sense for reason I see a lot more
coverage of certain people and I see a
lot less coverage of me when something's
positive um it's just the the timing of
this this this came in uh I think about
two weeks ago this one and then there's
another one last week that I didn't
forward to the um I think there might be
other reasons I think there are
definitely other reasons but so I don't
I don't I don't think that's like a
reason to Witch Hunt someone to be very
clear no no no no no no no no oh no no
not that all like okay there's uh
there's definitely people in the tech
space that I know get a lot of real
organic coverage uh Marquez for example
gets a ton of organic there's no way
Marquez is buying any of that that would
be no absolutely I would be CH I I would
eat a tax write off T-shirt If Marquez
ever paid to be included in some stupid
list so this is this is not about that U
my point is just that it it has stood
out to me as a pattern
that when we do something really cool it
almost seems like there's a deafening
silence yeah of discussion about it um I
don't know there's been exceptions seven
Gamers one CPU actually got a ton of
coverage yeah it was a long time
ago o yeah I just kind of Wonder there's
been exceptions it was six years ago or
however long who I piss off uh yeah I
don't is the answer everyone I think
part of it we're Canadian here's a weird
bit I was talking to someone recently
about like Creator events and like
Creator deals and all this kind of stuff
um and I mentioned like you know I don't
hear about a lot of this stuff like I'm
obviously not the business department
takes care of those things they've taken
care of those things for many years but
I was like a lot of these things I don't
know and he's like yeah that's really
weird I'll like I'll like make sure I
talk to some people and make sure you
guys get bumped more then I got a
message back a couple days later and
he's like oh
you guys are
Canadians uh there nothing we can do
yeah I'm like oh I that happens a
lot okay so I think just the Border
makes things annoying so then it's just
not really worth it yep honestly I think
that's a lot of
it yeah all right and like there was the
I was in uh La not that long ago and the
same type of thing happened a bajillion
people are like hey let's like do stuff
cuz I can get there easily they might
not be from there but they can get there
really easily Americans don't have
passports this is another problem that
we run into often uh which just like
there's a lot of like just not being in
the states is like a surprising barrier
um and one that isn't always often
communicated but
exists yeah seven Gamers one CPU it's
actually older than I thought it's eight
years ago yep
hey the FCC raised their definition of
broadband on the very same day that we
uploaded that video saying Hey uh your
internet is probably too fast
and I knew that that title was going to
be a little bit bity because I know a
lot of people do not have internet that
is uh too fast CU what I was talking
about was how there's a practical limit
to
how much benefit you can get from faster
internet agre I haven't watched it but I
agree we basically go through all the
reasons you might think you need faster
internet yeah and if you don't have a
top-of-the-line gaming PC and your
reason is that you want to download
games faster yeah it's not going to
happen there's basically there's there's
not much check your system resources to
crack to crack gigabit to get higher
than gigabit you basically need a very
modern high performance gaming p PC um
to crack 2 and 1/2 gig like cuz there
there are home internet connections that
are 2 and 1/2 gig or even greater but to
to to reach download speeds that high on
anything that needs to be unpacked as
you're downloading it you need like a
thread Ripper essentially um and so we
go through a lot of the considerations
like how much of your regular surfing is
actually going to be a DNS look up or uh
loading in additional trackers and other
content on the page versus what is
actually raw download speed we talk
about how download those sites even
offer that download Speed Spool right
yeah most pages are so small you're not
going to get anywhere near it's not
going to yeah this like greater than
gigabit speed when you're browsing the
web it's just not going to happen we
ramp up in time we discussed some of the
benefits like faster chunk loading if
you're watching Netflix or YouTube or
floatplane dcom or whatever the case may
be um but we also kind of we also
discuss we also kind of debunk some of
the big reasons that some people pay for
Mondo home internet and those are uh you
know self-hosting or um uh Linux ISO
sharing we're kind of like look I mean
why don't you just um use a seed bu get
yeah yeah they're so cheap both of those
things honestly unless you're doing it
for like home lab um I want to learn
about it stuff
reasons subashi says just think of a
family of five with everyone using at
the same time okay I'm thinking about it
yeah what are the OD what are the odds
that everyone is doing something at
exactly the same time and doing
something heavy and doing something
heavy even if you're all watching see
this is something a lot of people don't
realize even if you're all watching 4K
Netflix won't be enough you're all
pulling down chunks yeah so
you the connection is still going to sit
idle a lot of the time now there are
types of content streaming that are less
optimized and so we kind of we kind of
touch on things like twitch for example
especially broadcasting twitch but even
then the bit rates are so much lower
that as long as you've got a few hundred
megabit symmetric we're kind of we're
kind of
at and it's enough point right now where
if you have a Mondo machine and it's all
about you know loading the latest game
installing the latest game on your
system as fast as possible by all means
get a more expensive internet connection
or or or whatever for sure but beyond
that until the infrastructure
changes outside of your home in the
services that you're using we're
basically there there isn't an insane
amount of incentive for that because
honestly load times are pretty darn good
things are kind
of fast enough I mean Google stopped
even we talked about this a few weeks
ago right where Google stopped having
cached Pages because they're just like
yeah I don't know the web's pretty
reliable I don't know um anyway on that
same day the FCC quadrupled the minimum
internet speed that's required to label
it Broadband which is a really good
thing because what I won't argue with is
that for a lot of people their internet
is not fast enough agreed um the agency
concluded that the minimum speed an ISP
must offer to Market their service at
Broadband should be increased to 100
megabit down 20 megabit up this is the
first increase since 2015 when it was
set at
253 um I actually think that's pretty
reasonable I think 100 down being
Broadband is pretty reasonable and Luke
remember you're a content
creator upload actually doesn't matter
to most
people yeah no I totally agree I care
about it a lot I care about it a lot yep
like a lot most people are basically
never going to use it though so with
that in
mind
it's I wouldn't describe it as the
greatest broadband and it doesn't even
meet the threshold for what in our video
we said would be kind of the most you'd
need it's not it's not there yet I would
still I do I do think more people than
in the past are heavily using upload now
though more work from home is happening
oh that's totally true more school from
home is happening and you might not
necessarily foresee school from home cuz
the whole rip in peace forever but uh
snow days are now being like remote
school days that's a that's a bummer um
I know right that sucks okay this is
cool hold on hold on I've got a tax
write off update and I've got uh an
update from Jake on his AI video sorting
thing oh nice okay hold on hold on so
I'm just goingon to run over to Luke's
camera for a sec here yeah so let oh do
you want to switch it to your camera Dan
got it oh you can focus on the merch
messages oh he needed a break I
understand I can multitask can you read
that can anyone read that no no someone
can there are two men on a
computer oh
wow that's completely AI generated
horrifying very reasonable to think
that's a factory okay sup sup
stream there is a man what's going on
there is a man with a beard and a hat
smiling I mean yeah that's true there's
two of them actually yeah you better
read it for the people because my mic is
very good oh well now you're done
doesn't matter the point is uh it said
there are two men in a factory working
on a computer and there's a what is even
happening yep sorry drop the ball on
that one there's a man with a beard and
a hat
smiling that's AI generated and that's
just chugging through our footage right
now that's pretty good are you wearing a
hat in that or a beanie I can't really
see I'm wearing a hat yeah all right so
it's creating metadata like that that
will allow us to search through our
footage so uh Jake sent me that and then
Nick said
I'm adding track suits too L need a
couple more minutes hold hold on okay
psycho go for it when you want to this
this if these are still available when I
get home I'm buying more oh the Dropout
oh the dropout's amazing I have a full
red Dropout I love it and it's it's
probably my favorite hoodie at at this
price I would just buy another set of uh
long XL blacks yep yep yep yep yep yep
uh do you want to go to the uh do you
want to go to the tax
rateof uh Banner so we'll have we have
everything that is part of the tax rate
off event as well how much are the
tracksuits the hoodie the this is not
just Red by the way the Dropout stuff um
the tracksuits 20 bucks holy bananas
jacket jacket 20 bucks for the
1999 20 bucks
okay crazy okay this is actually getting
a little bit scary for me I wasn't sure
he was going to add this much stuff we
need to add more at this point no we
don't actually you were suggesting
backpack for 25 bucks I don't think
we're going to add um anything else at
this point not a bad idea if you want to
write more stuff off um pretty good okay
we added quite a lot to it at this point
I think that we've added enough the
Dropout is
absolutely absolute Madness at that
price I know what our costs are on this
yeah so both both colors are on sale um
of the I'm not sure why it show shows um
the thingy here show I I don't know the
point is that
um
yeah uh okay like these are these are
products that have rave
reviews this is the this is the track
jacket amazing quality great for the
gym Mohammad okay sure I mean whatever
best track jacket I've ever owned um the
Dropout is the dropout's awesome this
is I hesitate to say my favorite hoodie
we've ever made it's fantastic it's it's
the if you if you're on like a Saturday
off work and you want to just chill it's
the
best it's the best it might not be the
best overall I don't know but it's the
best for like that he's got one on I
mean it's the one I'm rocking today I
like traveling with it a
lot
um it's good stuff I hope we reserved a
few for after the tax write-off event
because potato sack when are when are
the when is the new potato sack stuff I
have no idea okay yeah we have samples
but I I I have no idea when it's coming
I feel like you probably should have
waited for the potato PC video for that
to launch um I think I well I mean sure
yeah cuz you like announced it in that
video I know okay do I seem like I know
what I'm doing I told I told him this
earlier today I was like the YouTuber I
was like Google Google a picture of this
was pretty funny I was like Google a
picture of me and then uh images does
that guy look like he knows what he's
doing I mean look at this
guy you can't even figure out his facial
hair yeah that one doesn't I mean doeses
does this guy look like he knows what
he's
[Laughter]
doing what is the what is the that
famous birthdays photo what is up with
your hair where is it up one this
what what is going on you just got the
one little Twix my hair naturally one
little Twi my hair naturally fauxhawks
dude like here look I you can you can
probably see here but it's just one here
you can probably see it right now like
it no I know it's always had the little
thing it does this thing it's from both
sides like it just kind of like it kind
of swoops I don't get it dude I should
pull out one wancho I should pull out
the old high school photos of when I had
carving in my hair carving I had yeah I
had like a star on the back of my head
and like all the
I went to this barber shop in Victoria
um and he like what do you want done and
I was like I don't know whatever and
he's like that's like that's a dangerous
thing to like say here we do a lot of
crazy stuff and I was like yeah I don't
care just whatever you want to do and I
came out
with some weird
stuff it was bad never went back to it
that's good yeah yeah oh my
God the unit count what goes up
yeah I mean I tried to stop you from
doing this I take zero responsibility
the
revenue doesn't go up no go up no go up
but somehow The Profit go down sorry I
just I'm glued to this report now buy
Cable Management arches to go with it
it's so weird when you like sell
t-shirts for $10 that your profit would
go down and you sell hoodies like thick
high quality hoodies for like what is it
20 bucks or something I don't remember
we better not
move through all the Dropout hoodies cuz
that's an amazing hoodie $25 crazy
jeus so the cheaper than most places
will sell a t-shirt we're selling a
hoodie that's cool that's good we're
writing it off that's really good yeah
we're not selling it we're writing it
off you're doing can you not do both I
guess so yeah okay I'm actually getting
a little bit of anxiety now I was kind
of having fun earlier in the show and
I've come down a bit welcome
um cool so I guess it's time for the
after party UPS the yeah yeah the AMD
UPS hurts um basically to have a free
sync or free sync premium label on your
product you have to support higher
refresh rates for gaming it's good yeah
okay after dark time please subscribe to
float plane yeah yeah the L week video
is great I'm sure it's going to be more
cool stuff y I've never done that now's
a good time to subscribe to float plane
I'd appreciate that what's that Dan okay
cool Chate
um do I have any comfort food I do oh
excellent
okay all right the Creator are you ready
you got to answer some stuff uh-huh yep
I'm going to try to go through I don't
think I can read them to you cuz I still
have 265 to go yeah I can do that you
keep
chugging let me see if I can even get
through incoming oh right I can just
minimize it you just pop it down it's
very usable yeah all
right howdy the wow. dll I'm starting a
music hardware company and I'm curious
with your products has there been
anything good or bad that customers
focused on that you didn't expect them
to
than huh
um something they focused on that we
didn't expect I feel like um like I'm
the the sort
of anal retentive person who who is
going to flip out if something's even
remotely wrong is there like a reason
why they liked a product that you didn't
necessarily foresee being a popular
reason or something like that
like focused on doesn't necessarily mean
negative no no no I get it I get it
um man uh this is this is really hard
I'm loading up the store and I'm going
to look at our products oh okay here's
something I didn't think people would
care so much about our screwdriver bits
being
black that black coding is actually
functional um and it has something to do
with something something the metal
better something uh but it's cosmetic
after that fact um so we've had people
try to initiate return requests because
the black coding has come off of their
bits um that was
something that was weird not something I
expected people to focus on yeah uh fair
enough there I came up with something
good job lonus yeah uh hey lonus I
actually work at a badmon facility or I
should broadcast this uh I collect
shuttles at the end of the that didn't
work uhoh it's okay just read it uh I
collect shuttles at the end of the day
my question is why don't we ever see
shuttles that behave like feather ones
but are nearly indestructible ah so
they're working on
that um I've actually tried a couple of
them here's uh Victor's carbon Sonic so
these are synthetic feather shuttles the
ones that I've used I don't think they
were this one I think they were a
different one but very similar they use
almost a foam like material here and
they do last substantially longer than
feather shuttles and don't have some of
the same um animal cruelty concerns as
feather shuttles but I think it's going
to be quite a while before we see any
kind of professional tournament move to
something like this
because while they have a benefit in
terms of cost they do not fly quite the
same mhm it's nature is one heck of a
good designer and as it turns out
synthetically are mimicking the
properties of a natural material with a
synthetic one is
extremely extremely difficult
and I mean
it's has like yeah I don't think the
like will the NBA ever move Beyond
leather balls like why I don't think so
there was that that 3D printed
basketball recently which was pretty
cool actually pretty cool but unless it
is actually identical I just don't see
it happening it's the same with
baseballs they're going to be leather
forever because at that level they can
afford the real one and so you might see
in fact you do see like you play like a
minor b game or whatever you're going to
be playing with like a hunk of plastic
cuz it doesn't matter they're just going
to Huck it in a pitching machine it's
going to get chewed up anyway but at an
elite
level I think natural materials are
going to be king for the foreseeable
future and when it comes to marketing
you always Market what the pros use so
there's always going to be that that
aspiration to to use the natural
material the the like the real one
natural material is always going to be
real no matter how fraught it is with
you know ethical concerns yeah
yeah uh I
this one is curated technically
um I don't think it did work uh first
time I've remembered to add a merch
message and I'm wasting it on this meta
joke about wasting a merch message love
you Dan nice nice nice um that got
curated it did um nice good job D I
suspect that was a misclick uh hello W
dll Luke I'm relatively I'm a relatively
new IT director of a booming it team
what criteria do you use to give Junior
admins or engineers admin passwords or
the keys to the kingdom for critical
infra uh generally it's Ru
AJ um if the answer is no flowchart then
then no if the answer is yes then yeah
um so AJ's been with us over five years
now um seven years shut up has it been
seven pretty sure he he technically
started helping me with things that's
right nonprofessional capacity in 2016
good Lord um that was super light okay
um by the time we're in
2017 things are ramping up he's still
technically nonprofessional capacity at
the beginning of the year by the end of
the year he's working with us full-time
um yeah um I don't know it's diff it's
very difficult though it's actually
really hard um you need to not one thing
that you need to communicate to your
team that I think is actually really
important to communicate is that it's
not a sign of
respect
it's it's no seriously though it's it's
no I was just I was looking at our um
sales yeah yeah yeah um having the keys
is a
threat for everyone it's not a good
thing you don't want too many people to
have access to Stu you want generally at
least two admins on every system just in
case something goes wrong with one of
the admin accounts you can still recover
it or whatever um but other than that
you really want to limit it as much as
possible and what you might end up
wanting to do uh because it sounds like
your team might be fairly sizable is to
have some like areas of ownership so you
have a person who has the keys to a
certain like portion of the IT
department um but they don't have it for
all of it and then a different person
has it for another portion and then you
have it for all of them or something
like that but but there shouldn't be
very many people that have it for all of
them ideally just kind of one and then
uh some people that have smaller amounts
it's it's an
accountability
ah it's a risk Vector because every
account has a potential to be
compromised so even if like every single
person at LTT was perfectly trustworthy
which I'm sure they are um if we gave
every single person full admin rights to
every single thing then every single
person's account is now a major insanely
scary attack Vector to owning everything
that we have um so you just you don't
want to do that um so you it's like I
have people on my team that are like
happy when they lose permissions to
things because they're like oh I don't
have to like worry about this thing so
much anymore which is good
um yeah I don't know so it's scary try
to try to slowly creep your trust with
people um like increase it slowly
um
yeah fun fact one of the reasons why
when I was at school I was seriously
thinking about becoming a database
administrator was because I was like hey
if I'm in control of all your data
you're probably going to pay me pretty
well
that yeah it's like I don't know like I
I when you have access to extremely
important important things and all that
type of stuff it it comes with you are a
portion of risk and you know that person
is probably going to be taken care of
decently
well that was a thought process um I ran
out of
curated
already uh I don't know if that's
because oh nope okay they're loading did
you just do that yeah okay
uh
I was looking at that one going like the
is
this hi guys lonus are you open to
criticism no turn it off would you be
willing to have discussion SL inter with
someone who didn't like you before
August turn it off now and now are and
now are giving you a second chance to
see if it's better second chance to what
the are you talking about like am I
open to criticism I'm here
give it to me I don't understand why you
would do that uh because I almost don't
understand why You' do almost any
interview um I don't know I don't do
many no very few people ask me yeah um
maybe you end up doing like a Callin and
suir video someday I don't know I kind
of doubt it but I kind of doubt we're
not really mainstream yeah we're the
we're like we're a big fish in a really
small pond um like actually very small I
think a lot of people massively
overestimate how big the space is and
and the thing is like yeah we're we're
we're big on YouTube but that's also a
small pond like on YouTube companies
like Dude Perfect are big and you know
what those guys are killing it oh yeah
they're crushing it they're doing
awesome yeah for like you know a group
of entrepreneurs not they're not running
you know a multinational business in the
same way that really big businesses are
operating it's just not it's just not
the same scale right and um I I'll
sometimes I find you know we talked a
long time AG you mentioned the100
million offer thing yeah um and then
I'll see some company that like I think
is
small and it's like oh they just sold
for $980 million I'm
like or people are like wow I can't
believe they were able to acquire this
chy for company for so cheap it was only
chumy yeah perfect who were you talking
about that Freudian slip though I can't
believe they were able to get them so
cheap for only $2.7 billion and I'm like
oh oh people are out there doing stuff
um Cory is the name Corey is the name
has a great response to this tell the
kind man thank you for giving you a
second
chance I appreciate it I do actually
thanks I do I do actually um as for as
for being open to
criticism my word um
I have been criticized from the moment I
first uploaded a video and people talked
about my my earrings or you know
whatever else or my awful high-pitched
voice um to the moment that you are
sitting in right now uh telling me you
didn't like me prior to August and now
you have to have an interview with them
what you're willing to
consider you can like me now will you
now spend your time doing this um hey I
I I do appreciate it though um the the
the cold hard truth apprciate the second
chance yeah I do I do appreciate that
and um you know if you I if if you're
chill then I'm chill and if you're not
then that's you know what that's okay
too because at the end of the day I just
got to do my thing here um that that's
what YouTube is it's from your
perspective you but but it's me right
and uh for a lot of people that's going
to resonate and for a lot of people
that's not going to resonate and um you
know we're just going to be
us we'll be here if you're uh if it's
third chance time another time because
you didn't like my response to that then
hey I feel like that might happen I'm
still going to be here for that too
though I'll be
here yeah all right
yeah sorry I just saw that when I was
like all right
c um I got uh let's do it congrats on
the MCM launch question
for little L uh what was the hardest
part about selecting the components of
each pack of the MCM all right go ahead
and ask
[Laughter]
him H basically we were we were trying
to make sure that um we had a pretty
safe balance of what most people would
need for kind of the targeted the stated
use for them so what we did was uh we
went around to people's desks we asked
people about their home setups here at
the office cuz we're pretty
representative of Gamers and techies and
we kind of did it and we're like okay
how much did we need without
overspending and then we built bundles
based on
that oh that makes some sense I got a
question about my setup a while ago and
I didn't bother ask like why they were
asking these questions but I was like
what and I think it was is probably
related to that um next question uh I'm
37 oh I should broadcast I'm 37 and had
both hips replace last month if you
could replace any part of your body with
titanium what would it be my
head that's pretty good yeah because you
wouldn't even be able to tell the
difference got
him if it worked just as well but was
less susceptible to
damage I think my
spine that'd be pretty sick but that's
like that's just like a worst case
scenario insurance policy whereas if you
went with like the knees yeah then you'd
know it's definitely useful pretty or
hips yeah hips are huge dude they don't
lie break your the the
fatality percentage after breaking your
hip is insane that's true like it's
actually crazy how we doing boys uh we
ran out of curate it's never better Dan
I just uh I just gave up and left yeah I
I saw that noticed well no he was
probably going to work on the Afterparty
no I was just crying I was just crying
outside I was going say I think he just
took a breath oh okay well that's fine
too cuz he didn't go that way he went
this way yeah there's a there's a quiet
server room where nobody can hear you
sad um you mean scream sure I have no
mouth
um did you want two cameras or one
camera
um same as last week or more more
advanced Dan why don't you tell us what
you have the strength
for I can jump as high as you want lonus
no matter what hour of the day or how
long my shift has been how easy is the
second camera what about second camera
what what about second cam I'm I'm
starting these lism and it's becoming a
bit of a problem
um after last week it's it's trivial now
so okay um how long are you going to be
to get through these 362 merchand we're
not going to get through them all today
okay yeah we're just going to we're
going to do some of them and then we'll
we'll go up and we'll do super checks
and then we'll call it there cuz um you
don't know this but um I have to be at
the airport in like 6 hours or something
like that so okay I I also am
incentivized to not be here forever
let's do one camera could be two one
camera it could be two I'm doing two
cameras it's better it looks better how
many games do you want to do it I me
it's got to be best of seven or it's
barely even hockey oh my God I think
best of five is the way I think best of
five is the way if you're a coward wow
are you AOW mean why would that be more
coward Luke has a skill issue and he
doesn't want anybody to know
it I tell everyone I lose
most I will I will wreck both of you
let's play Let's play a different
game yeah cuz you can't win at Super
checks that's
true he's spicy tonight I like I'm very
tired I will break you um all right I'm
excited for when Dan and I work out
again
yeah sounds like we're doing Mastery
sets for every single yeah let's let's
go I almost said a bad word uh I'm going
to go get another camera uh unless you
guys want to end the stream or something
like that we could do that together yeah
well um not right no not yet okay yeah
not not yet we should do a few more we
should few give me give me 10 minutes
yeah the uh we're still getting a merch
message every 10
[Laughter]
seconds we should do more of these
though um yeah we'll do a few more but
like oh my gosh uh this is ridiculous
I'll let you chew on this one for a
second and then I'll go try to deal with
more of them uh Hey dll I'm going to
broadcast hey dll I have a question uh
I've had this question for a while for
lus between your relationship between
your wife Ivon and your husband Luke
which has had more
development oh
um it's actually a decent question I
mean the one where you have kids
together is going to
be where you have the biggest questions
to answer because at the end of the day
it better be as much as we as much as we
like
to as much as
we care deeply about our team here um
there's a difference
between the relationship of a group of
co-workers and the relationship of your
flesh and blood um and and while
we
um while we want what's best for the
team and while the team wants what's
best for the company at the end of the
day I believe that money corrupts
everything and I think that because
money is inherent in an employer
employee
relationship the capacity there's still
money involved in I was going to get to
that okay the capacity for it to corrupt
the relationship is almost guaranteed
like every work relationship pretty much
ends at some point and there are
exceptions but if you compare that to
the capacity of money to corrupt a
family relationship which is great which
is huge the percentage guaranteed is
lower and and let's not kid ourselves
money destroys many families especially
I think right now where cost of living
is so high and it's so financially
beneficial to split the rent with split
the rent of one room with another person
yeah maybe taint is the right word
instead of corrupt says moss in on float
play that's probably right um I think
that and you know obviously it right
okay this is a perfect example because
the thing I was about to say comes from
a position of of a power and balance in
the relationship I was going to say I
don't feel like money has corrupted or
tainted mine and Luke's
relationship not yet I it hasn't yet I I
I feel like it would be pretty tough for
but that's easy for me to say in my
position and so the dynamic's always
there it's always something that has to
be kind of considered um and that I I I
have to be aware of and have to be and I
have to be careful of um because because
that potential for taint that potential
for corruption is always there even if
it never seeps in if that kind of makes
sense do you kind of get what I mean no
it is yeah it's uh I often consider
things I might say
because because you might only think of
this from Linus's perspective but
there's things that I can say
that could be very charged as well sure
like okay here's an example that could
go both ways you know if I were to if I
were to make uh a comment like uh okay
let's say I was getting married this is
a big thing right now uh Millennials are
apparently destroying their
relationships over destination weddings
oh um not their relationships with the
spouse but their relationships with
their families over destination weddings
and the cost associated with it if I
were to get butt hurt over Luke refusing
to attend my stupid destination wedding
and I were to somehow oh yeah make that
about the money that I know he has right
because why do I know that I only know
how much money Luke has because he works
damn hard for it and at the end of the
day I sign the check but that's not a
normal dynamic in a relationship and in
this equal but opposite if I start
complaining about expenses it can put
pressure on me the the the human being
the friend that wouldn't normally be
there if he was just a bro complaining
about expenses which like I I have at
times but I try to be pretty careful
with it and I try to make sure that I'm
presenting things the right way and I
often am paying attention and so and
it's always been fine it's something we
both have to worry about a little bit
Yeah because there's that potential
there like okay here's here's another
really great example
okay when it comes to food right it
would be very easy for Luke to be upset
that knowing as he does my financial
situation as well it would be easy for
him to be upset if I just didn't offer
to pay for everything but then it would
be easy for me to be upset if Luke
didn't offer to pay for things at the
very least because I might feel taken
for granted I might feel taken advantage
of so these are the kinds of dynamics
that will always exist but that I feel
like we're both cognizant of and that
we're both respectful about and that we
try to keep out of our relationship but
it's a conscious effort I guess is what
I'm trying to say yeah every
relationship whether it's romantically
involved or not is going to have some
amount of work element to it yeah uh
yeah I mean relationships are a lot of
work yeah and and work is tough on a
relationship like it every way to be
clear yeah it's worth it you should try
to have like your the amount of friends
you have is going to dwindle over time
it really does doesn't it pretty pretty
intensely um I think we might have some
and I started with like
three I think we might have some
somewhat unique uh things going on there
um cuz I I mean Mo my like core friend
group has always been cool and I suspect
they will always be cool but there's
some like people that I was more on the
acquaintance level with that will reach
out randomly and like now I am
automatically primed and suspicious of
like is this because of yeah is this
because of public presence is this
because you need something whatever and
it almost always is one of those two
things I've told Ivonne before cuz she
she and I she and I talk doomsday
scenarios it's a hobby um and and and
she has said things like well it would
be easy for you to find someone um and
just not in like an like angry way but
just in like a debating way we we we
talk right you know you're married long
enough you talk about everything
eventually and I kind of
went well right but what would that be
yeah because it's it's going to be
charged would I ever sure you're right
honestly at at at my at my age and and
like being a YouTuber which is from my
understanding kind of desirable thing
and you know having a pretty pretty
decent amount of money you know could I
could I find uh could I find a meat
thing to spend time with I I don't I
don't really question chat you don't
need to get
all yes Aon would do fine you don't need
to she you don't need to propose in chat
right now she'd have no trouble banging
I I have no doubt because because the
same thing is also true in the inverse
right yeah she is also
very eligible you know as a as a
bachelorette so but but but what I said
what I said to her was like yeah I have
no question that I could find
something but would I ever find that
genuine be trying to seek the same
quality that I previously had I would
never find it and I'm going to have to
find someone that is worth the amount of
work and effort that we did to get to
where we are and I'm going to have to do
all of that again you want to have the
small conversations again all the way to
build up so that you can have the big
conversations like is that effort you
actually want to go through at this time
I was talking to and every time I would
be suspicious 100% okay Ivon and I do
not have a prenuptual agreement do you
know why because there was no money
there were no assets like there I've SE
I've seen people talk about how like
yvon married him for the money or
whatever I I it would have been the
other way around at that time she had a
much better Outlook than I did when we
got together you guys got to you got to
understand that yeah and I was thinking
about it could I ever trust another
person the way that I trust Ivonne like
Ivon has complete power of attorney she
has complete control of all of our
financial assets there are so many
things that require only her signature
and do you know how I sleep at night
soundly like a fuing
baby sorry that one part happens before
the sleep it doesn't matter the point is
that you know what I'd probably be fine
with Avon having those things for me too
she is extremely responsible reasonable
person an absolute rock yeah and I was
thinking about even if I met Ivonne
today could I trust her the way that I
do honestly probably not knowing about
the dynamic yeah no would I have a
prenup
yeah probably almost certainly and I
have always viewed that as a sign as a
as a and and and I've had the I've had
the luxury of it because it never
mattered when I like formed this opinion
right but I always viewed the prenup as
as planning for
failure if I was if I was I yeah if you
asked me again today because I was
single and and pursuing a a long-term
relationship I wouldn't I would say it's
an insurance policy in case of a
catastrophic
disaster but I had the I had the luxury
of being allowed to be naive because I
did manage to find a relationship
where it wasn't necessary it was never
needed um
so the point is that um I forget where
we were going with this but I saw a
really great comment from Fox and a box
on Flo plane um at luk and lus I think
as you guys just discussed any issue can
be overcome if both people are trying
and sometimes the effort alone is more
important than any issue and I just
thought that was uh that was really
wise it's about what you built and you
might have been able to build it with a
variety of people like there's the the
whole like there's only one fish in the
sea for you and they happen to be in
your hometown is just hilarious it my
thing my thing with Ivon is uh I don't
believe in soulmates but if I did then
I'd buy
it
yeah if I did I'd believe you're it yeah
yeah which is which is great you want to
ideally find someone that you're like
yeah this this could be if if that was
true this person could be it there's
like no way it's true but what really
builds that is the the effort and the
work that you put into it and this this
like castle that you collaboratively
build together um that is
ideally you know
strong we are not getting through all
these merch messages no but I have some
curated ones for you we literally have
40 more than we did before we started
that one nice um question for
lonus how did you like the Hydra facial
is it something you would recommend and
will you be getting another one um I
don't know you tell me so I've I've
always been transparent to a fault so
the hydrofacial was step one and then
after that I did Morpheus 8 which is uh
three treatments of
subdermal um RF essentially and what
it's meant to do is radio frequency
really yeah so it essentially Burns you
I was going to say radio frequency as
like a joke I no idea hurts a lot um but
what it's meant to do is damage the the
subthermal layer whatever layer that is
in a way that stimulates collagen
production which is essentially what
makes your skin youthful you produce
more of it when you're younger and as
you age you produce less of it so from
my point of view and I've discussed this
on the show before uh my mug is a
business asset at a certain point and
taking care of it like I'm I'm not I'm
not into you know going out and
dramatically altering my personal
appearance but if there's pretty minor
things that I can do to maintain them at
least until we can you know Go full uh
vtuber um then I see it as a I see it as
a pretty worthwhile investment
so I guess my answer to that question is
I don't know you guys tell me this is
the first time this is was the first
time I'd done anything so
um I have no idea yeah I I know um I'm
not really good with that stuff though I
didn't notice when you first shaved your
beard off yeah my a my aunt too she
thought she thought I got a haircut
which I technically I did yeah fair
enough yeah yeah but she and my uncle
they had dinner with me and they were
like when they arrived home they were
like messaged
me they're great that's pretty good um
blackm Smoke Rise says I haven't noticed
anything at all I guess it's working
then cuz that's kind of the point the
point is that if you if you do it right
it's supposed to look like you've done
nothing at all um you just look you know
rested right um yeah so there you go
that's
uh that's it uh people mentioned your
face was a bit redder than usual yeah so
in some of the videos it's it's redder
than usual because I just got stabbed a
thousand times in the face yeah which
Hurts by the way yes um however in The
Vision Pro uh well here give me me a sec
uh for the Vision Pro video uh it was
The Vision Pro yes U and any speculation
that it was makeup or anything is silly
uh it was just that it just doesn't fit
me it doesn't fit me very well um I'd
say here let's
see oh it's really hard to because it's
like it's kind of like a hot it's kind
of like a hot pain but it's like kind of
in
the it's weird because each shot is I
think 24 needles at a time but feels
like one and they were explaining it to
me it's because like you only have so
many nerves and so multiple penetrations
of the skin I almost blacked out uh last
time cuz the first time you go the
energy is pretty low and then they turn
it up if you tolerate it well and the
first time I tolerated it very well so
I'm I'm a fainter um which means anytime
that my skin gets broken and I
experience any kind of blood loss it's
like a it's like a they're they're not
sure exactly what causes it whether it's
physiological or psychological or some
combination of the two um I ran into one
nurse once who told me that um she
wasn't one she got struck by lightning
she became one uh but basically what
happens is um and so so nurses or anyone
who does um a blood drawing or
injections or anything we we'll be
familiar with the term but um what it
means is the second you uh your skin is
broken your your body basically goes
into a a semi State of Shock no where it
focuses on maintaining circulation to
your vital organs and so what happens is
whenever I get blood drawn uh my
extremities go like immediately like
immediately ice cold um and when I found
this out um it was at a time when I was
I was in quite a compromised State like
I was getting blood drawn because I was
really sick and um this poor nurse she
must have been like 90 lb soaking wet
um she's she's trying to draw blood from
me and one of the challenges is that
they got to be in there forever because
my blood stops
flowing right so they take it from the
arm and my body's all like yo you made a
hole in my arm I'mma keep all the blood
here thank you very much so my blood
stops flowing um so she's on like the
fourth vein in the second arm by this
point because I had forgotten I hadn't
had blood taken in a long time and I'd
forgotten that when I was a kid I needed
a but butterfly needle um because it's a
smaller it's a smaller needle but with a
with a wider uh inner diameter so they
don't have to make as big of a hole and
the blood flows more easily they're more
expensive so you have to ask for them um
so I forgot that I needed a butterfly
needle or else it's really difficult to
draw blood from me but it had been 10 or
15 years since I'd had blood drawn so I
didn't remember um so anyway she's like
she's going at it like Perforating my
arm with this regular needle and not
able to get any freaking blood out of it
and all of a sudden
I kind of am like oh um I'd never
blacked out before but I was like oh my
vision's going kind of dark she goes you
need to get your head between your legs
right now because I cannot hold you in
this chair she's like it's tiny and I
was in an elevated chair so that at a
standing height it was easy for her to
work on my arm right so so I would have
just plowed into the ground I would have
broken my nose like we would have had
blood everywhere never mind in the vials
accomplished that actually doesn't work
and so she was the one who explained it
to me after I didn't black out that time
uh but she explained it to me um and she
basically goes yeah it's this it's this
it's not a condition but it's it's a
thing um and so she had me lie down and
she took my blood that way we we got the
butterfly needle and she's like okay so
you need to remember this you need a
butterfly needle you need to tell people
when they're drawing blood from you that
you're a fainter so that they can put
you somewhere where you're not going to
where you're not going to black out and
like crush them um
uh where where where was I going with
this I forget the
question uh right so Perforating my face
oh so in this case I was actually lying
down but so I don't know if it was pain
or if it was penetration uh cuz they can
also go deeper do you bleed um like I
had like it looked like I nicked myself
with a razor in like two spots by the
end of it so in general no yeah uh but
you're red and that's I was just
wondering like is it the blood loss or
is it no it's not blood loss it's like I
I I don't know they don't seem to really
fully understand it okay uh but I almost
blacked out I was like yo um my vision's
starting to darken uh and she's like who
okay let me get you some chocolate
um apparently that's a fun side effect
yeah apparently some of the like botox
it's pretty relatively common for people
to black out but with this one she'd
never seen it before and she's like oh
okay yeah I'm like okay so I'm a fainter
I guess that applies to this good to
know
um I did blackout one time when um a
buddy for an insurance company was
taking blood from me at my house and um
what I remember was U me telling him hey
I'm a fainter I was in the chair um yeah
I I feel kind of faint I'm just going to
go I'm going to go over on that um I
have like the it's called Love Sack is
the brand but it's like a big bean bag
I'm going to go over on that bean bag
and um give me a sec and I closed my
eyes and I opened
them and he's like you've been out for
minutes so um so that's a
thing um not Bryce says butterfly needle
is a myth I'm a nurse uh blah blah blah
blah something no it's not a myth I I
can tell you for an absolute fact that
even if I am not looking they just can't
get blood out of me without one so um
that's cool I'm glad that you have that
expertise but as someone who actually
cannot have blood taken from them with a
regular needle um and this has been
confirmed by multiple multiple nurses
and technicians over the years
um
sorry
yep uh okay more merch messages one for
me uh Luke my birds Kirby and Carl
finally like each other enough to
snuggle and groom each other what cool
Milestones have you hit with your birds
one thing that I like I always enjoy
this is uh learning to communicate with
people or animals or whatever else with
with language berries obviously with
animals there going to be language
berries but
um and like learning habits and stuff so
my birds for a long time there if we'd
let them out to fly to get them to go to
bed they have terrible night vision so I
would turn most of the the lights down
and use like the the glowing from my
computer and stuff like that so that I
could see um and I would catch the birds
in the dark and then physically put them
back in their cage and that was the like
nighttime activity and they knew it was
coming because they'd see me get up and
start turning the lights off and they'd
start chirping and stuff um I started to
try to teach them to get back in the
cage themselves and I would do that by
like physically blocking off the other
areas that they were at so sometimes
they like to hang out just on top of the
cage so I'd wait for them to come back
to on top of the cage then I would kind
of Dome my arms over to be like look I
am blocking the flying up area and then
if they like indicated they were going
to go to a certain side I would shift
over and block that and eventually try
to like kind of Corral them over towards
the edge of the cage and then make it so
that the the easiest way for them to fly
would be to fly into the
cage um and I this took a while to kind
of train them to do but now at this
point if if I just Dome over the top of
the cage like that they'll pretty much
automatically just run to where the cage
entrance is and then I don't even have
to like do the rest of it they'll just
hop off and fly into the door um and
that was pretty cool something someone
pointed out is that in different regions
um there may be slightly different
meanings so of what a butterfly needle
is yeah so there are lots of different
kinds and there's like it's the tape
that goes on it that makes it a
butterfly needle so here it means a
particular thing it means a lower gauge
that has a finer needle with a sorry I
shouldn't say lower gauge cuzz lower
gauge is bigger but cuz I don't know
Imperial measurements um it means a
finer needle that has a narrower wall um
in order to make it easier to to to get
into the vein um your mileage may vary
maybe they have like gigantic thick
thick wall butterfly needles where you
are and it won't help at all so then if
you are in a similar situation then what
you would ask for is just a finer gauge
needle or whatever um so your mileage
may
vary all right uh greetings LTT
greetings LTT some videos blur logos
even on shirts why you work at media I
was curious what decides if you have to
pay a brand or the brand has to pay you
to have logo in
content
um hold on I think for us it's more
about that we're just kind of
inconsistent okay yeah I mean there are
cases where we're where we have a high
level of intent when we cover a logo
with Gaff tape or when we don't um if a
brand sponsor of a video is like hey yo
I'm Aus and I sponsored your video and
you're using an MSI monitor look I'm not
super mad cuz like we weren't promoting
monitors but like could you have not
really brother yeah then we'll go and
we'll blur it um for monitors that we
use on set a lot uh we try to kind of
proactive
just do it because like whatever um we
get very very little product placement
Revenue uh occasionally we've done stuff
on Wow like I think that's the origin of
these but secret lab we just them then
we just like keep them forever cuz like
what I'm going to I'm going to tape over
it yeah like that just it feels really
transactional if someone does do a
sponsorship or something and then the
second it's over we're like I'm put I'm
put tape on it it's ape day we're going
to spend money in order to yeah I don't
know yeah in order in order to in order
to get you less value for that deal that
we did together like I don't know I'm
just I I feel like I'm just not that
petty if they want to update the chairs
and pay us again or something like that
like sure but
yeah AJ says I am a fainter can confirm
I need to ask for the butterfly needle
and usually need to be slightly
reclined yeah yeah I
sorry all right what else we got um I
burned my
curated oh man I'm for some reason I'm
scrolled all the way down to archived we
we have more than we had I um yeah have
you seen uh so here's here's one mean
some of these are just like meme like I
can just click show oh crap yeah cuz
they're just in incoming oh the LTD
screwdriver has been made in the largest
uh man-made M shaft on Earth apparently
I accidentally clicked show on that one
been used in there yeah mine M shaft
hold on I I archived it by
accident control F shaft oh there's a
lot of shaft oh oh right because many of
our items have shafts it's not in the
message I get it oh oh there's a lot of
shaft that's got to be one of the
greatest Linus quotes um
okay uh did you see the Star Wars
Battlefront re-release have you seen
this I'm kind of surprised this wasn't
in the like six to eight times the
storage of the original games and like
there's all kinds of problems I have I'm
sure it's happened before I've
personally never ever seen something on
Steam you know we we saw with B's Gate 3
had to insert it somehow the show was
almost over um we've seen with some
games that they they get overwhelmingly
positive this game I've never seen this
before overwhelmingly negative
reviews never seen it before amazing uh
so yeah the the merch message says they
released the PC game from 2005 on
multiple systems or they re-release
sorry it barely works and the original
which is the same game runs much
better that's a rip heck yeah Charles
L um Amando asks hey lonus do you think
that improvements in wafer yields by
tsmc for example have contributed to the
death of the entry level segment for
both CPUs and gpus I don't think it's
improvements in wafer yields I think
it's increases in cost it's just not
worth building anything
around
um such a at such a low price point it's
it's there's far better cost savings to
be had by integrating things more versus
building an entire discret product like
why would you build a $50 board around
uh a $50 GPU when you can build a $60
board around a $100 GPU and sell that
for 300 bucks you know like it's just
not worth it when you could take that
small amount of die area and just put it
right onto a CPU and get essentially the
same benefit because it already had to
have a memory controller in cash anyway
um I I think it's more just the the
general March towards more integration
and less anything to do with tsmc's
yields
archive oh my gosh uh okay how about
five
more that seem reasonable
nope okay got to do all um Okay
Christian asks I got my mystery color
screwdriver amazing colors love it
compared to my black driver the finish
is not as perfect lonus what were the
compromises you had to swallow and how
hard was it for you we basically had to
um yeah except that the the flow of the
uh of the plastic wouldn't quite be the
same so if you look really closely at
some of the color ones they have uh some
swirl in the D and in the color that is
not present on the black ones and um
that's the kind of thing you actually
have to put a lot of work into to get
exactly right I read a really
interesting artic about how the Xbox
series X they wanted to do it in white
and realized um oh the only reason the
black one looks good is because all of
these swirls were hidden by the black
color and they had to like completely
redo the molds or something like that in
order to make a white one yeah it's is
color is really really really really
really really hard so I basically was
just like well I want multicolored
screwdrivers at LTX and we're going to
have them damn it so yeah there's
there's some imperfections but they're
really cool so whatever they're cool
damn it I'm over it
uh hey Dan we're going to do like four
more and then we're just going to have
to call it because there's simply too
much like guys this is what we're
dealing with here okay we've got uh
we've been live for 4 hours we've had
1600 merch messages things have died
down a little bit we're only getting
about one a minute but you guys think
about it by this point in the show we've
been down to zero a minute for quite
some time and we're we're we're chewing
through them whereas now we are still it
takes us more than a minute to do a
curated merch message oh they don't all
go to curated yeah but we also do a lot
it takes a lot more than a minute on
average so I'm kind of fudging the
numbers both ways there's also
1,114 left in the queue to display yeah
so that will show up when we go to the
outro that'll be awesome I'm excited
about that I've been excited about that
the whole show to be honest I keep
thinking about it yeah because exting
this is not I don't even know if this is
the highest Revenue W show we've ever
done like when screwdriver launched and
backpack launched I think it was higher
Revenue but in terms of item quantity I
think it's the highest for that I think
this is also highest merch message yeah
as well like this is ridiculous tax
write off shirts are over 2,000 now um
oh my God Dropout hoodies are over
500 I was not expecting Dropout hoodies
to catch up like that oh yeah fantastic
hoodie for list in most t-shirts uh this
is actually a record
huh this is a record all around nope no
are you sure yeah
okay hold on let me double check yep it
is not a record for
profit it is however a record for the
inverse ah nice actually no no I'd say
the record for loss is probably the one
where I cut into the bottom of the
backpack that was a very expensive W
show nothing's going to beat that like
ever so good oh man uh all right so what
like three or four more Dan's ready for
the super checks Afterparty stream
already so
let's I'm tired and you got places to be
y I'm scooting through stuff I'm trying
to find them um a lot of these are just
like H Tax right off let's
go oh oh oh yeah okay uh that's an
you're like pack alarm no that's an
alarm to do a thing when I thought I
would definitely be at home
tonight meanwhile you're not going to be
home for like at least an hour if not
more nice um what is I got I got one I
got one I got one I did it uh what is
Dan's okay I'll read the whole thing I
got my bread plush also I want to expand
on the question asked a couple weeks ago
what is Dan's favorite Retro
Game oh man does this even count as
retro PlayStation one it's game called
Ein Honda by uh Square before they were
Square Enix it's a uh sides scrolling
space shooter thing extremely difficult
extremely complicated it has like seven
levels or something like that you have
ammo management you have weapon
management you have place management
it's one of those games that you get hit
once and you're you're dead and then
there's no checkpoints you basically
have to restart after you run out of
lives um so extremely skill-based
excellent so good so so
good is is PlayStation one even retro
the time that was like five years ago
that it came out glad you enjoy the
tracksuit pants Kevin G just ordered
another pair of them and congrats on
losing 20 lbs heck yeah keep it up
brother good work uh yeah it's basically
like a square made too that's a that's a
good comparison bullet hell but also not
it's like a tech bullet Hill game great
10 out of
10 Luke you are clicking things so fast
I can't even read them you just want
them all to scroll past yeah do they not
scroll past if we don't click show I
don't actually know I I don't know pass
no matter what okay I just and I am
actually I'm scanning to see like does
this one have a question question that's
all I'm looking for if it doesn't have a
question I just
zoom uh someone asks what kind of screws
am I supposed to use with these magnet
things screws oh well they come with
little screws but they also just like
have a hole in the plate and you could
put any screw you want into it so if you
okay for example I used a masonry screws
when I um have you seen this no I don't
think so my gate in my backyard
so I screwed um a uh I put a little
strap across the uh or sorry I I put a
little strap across the cable Arch like
one of the big ones and I put it on my
gate and then I used masonry screws on
the other side for the metal plates and
I screwed them into like these bricks
that are there so when I open my gate my
cable management Arch holds it open
everything else I tried like I would I
would wedge stuff under it and the wind
just rips through there and slams the
gate shut but that would hold but this
holds so I'm very happy for gond door
dude let's
go
um man I'm just clicking show on things
I'm clicking I'm clicking so hard I'm
trying to I'm trying to David S says
right off I'm rich woo
oh oh man people are ordering so much
stuff our 3pl is like
screwed
um okay we already kind of answered that
earlier so forget it um hi Luke I
applied for a software engineering role
and I'm curious does your team often
hire US citizens thanks yeah but as
contractors not employees yeah that's
yeah that's the whole thing
yeah
ah show you got anything Luke come on
I'm I'm scroll so many of these are like
Aussie here thanks for the free
shipping I work I study I sleep the
tired never leaves fpga Gaming's cool
Chase um okay here how about this one I
got one for you here Luke here's one for
you while I continue to go through
things
okay oh you curated it yeah yeah I
curated yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah uh oh uh this is a good one from
Travis hey dast Duke and O glorious Dan
leader of all what current product of
yours do you think will get a V2 first
what favorite product of mine I know the
answer to
this what oh wait it says current
product damn I was going to say w hoodie
V2 because it like happened already oh
um hm V2 out of current products
backpack
no would you consider the costed down
one a V2 no that's a separate product
they'll coexist Okay and like the
backpack with the actual double layer
and 1.1 that one's fine yeah yeah
um I I was I was only saying that
because of the the cost of download I
mean we'd be crazy if we weren't
examining based on how many we've sold
we'd be crazy if we weren't examining
like a screw driver V2 at some point but
sure come first yeah I don't I don't
think that needs to come that's years
away it's a good screwdriver and there's
nothing that out competes it so we're
going to we're going to continue to sell
it and amortise the cost of development
for as long as we uh as long as it makes
sense um it's a really good screwdriver
what would get a
V2 I don't know I I could see us I could
see us rejigging Northern Lights desk
pad doing like kind of just an updated
style but still you know Northern Lights
but then there's so many opportunities
for design like why not just do
something entirely new too much of our
stuff not that this is actually a
problem I'm I'm using the term too much
as if that's bad but it's not a bad
thing too much of our stuff is like so
overbuilt that like what are you going
to do what do you got it right the first
time yeah how you going to V2
this I don't know whatever how about
towels V2 for towels towels can you make
them more absorbent I don't know well we
could update the design a little can
they are they flying carpets now um I
don't know uh anyway anyways hey dlll
I'm about to graduate and need advice on
joining the software engineering
Workforce I've only ever been a tech
sales
consultant and I have yet to give ideas
for a side project what should I do
slake
um oh no I know the answer what
something you're really passionate about
ah there you go something that says
something about you the free one got
yeah got lots of updates on Labs chain
oh kids book a V2 yeah I'm not going to
do a V2 why because I would write a
different book yeah that's not a V2 no I
would do the alphabet of gaming or
something like that why don't you do
it you have
time sure sure right one on the plane oh
man yeah what are youing yeah right
you're on vacation and just write
continue working what's wrong with you
Ivon can drive to work and you can write
it in the passenger seat I probably
could write it on the
plane a the fact the fact that the
author of like basic kids books gets
first billing and the illustrator goes
second is a crime Sarah put so much more
work into the first book than I did she
did a great job yeah it's awesome um
Shay made me read I Want My Hat Back by
John Classen and it's changed my life I
wish all kids books were that
good
um hey dlll so excited to see the
mystery color how do you all measure
success in your lives outside of views
on
videos it's so deep it's so easy to just
say happiness but there's so many
elements that contribute to happiness
it's like it's one of those things where
people
um I feel like it's such an outof touch
thing for people to say when they say
money doesn't buy happiness cuz it's
true there are lots of people with a lot
of money who don't really seem very
happy they seem they seem angry they
seem depressed they seem uh they seem
lost you know but for most
people a lack of money yeah contribut
significantly to unhappiness is a ton of
people where money could solve the
problems that are making them unhappy
yes but there are also people that money
could not solve the problems that are
making them unhappy but I think right
now in our current economic climate
there is significantly more people that
money could solve the problems so I
think that I think if I was to say okay
there's a measure of success I would say
it's to have
enough not I think I think too much of
bad this this is in your lives you
personally oh I mean well then I'm just
going to take the cop out answers like
relationships right like it's uh if I
had if I had the fastest gaming PC in
the world and no one to play games with
what would it
mean be worthless yeah for I I often oh
sorry I thought you done no no go ahead
I often go on two
things
um I don't necessarily need everyone to
like me but respective peers is very
important to me um and then what is my
like current there there's like an
overall assessment you can kind of do
self satisfaction but not like in a smug
way no um and it doesn't mean that you
have to be the best it just means doing
your best yeah and like how am I I set
out these previous goals for myself am I
making previous version of me proud am i
setting up future version of me for
Success if these things are true I'm
probably going to feel pretty good about
myself doesn't have to be perfect but am
I doing a good job and there's there's
like little there's little things I'll
try to do like if I you know I take the
stairs when the next day comes if I'm
like I'm tired and I want to default to
the elevator I'm like well
previously I got myself over to the
stairs if yesterday me was able to do it
today me's got to be able to figure it
out and then that motiv Ates me to get
over to the stairs I don't know little
things like
that I always tell my kids like I
don't are you trying your best they know
that there are two things that are going
to set me off more than anything else
it's if they lie to me and it's if
they're not trying their best yeah
um and kids will do kids will do that
all the time they'll they'll uh we we
went skiing um a couple weekends ago and
um we were going up a little Hill and I
U my youngest I was like okay so do the
do the skating thing cuz I saw her do it
the previous weekend and she just went
side to
side we had a
chat because I have no problem taking
off my board grabbing it and Hauling her
up the hill I have no problem with that
I'm I'm I'm happy I like it I'm a dad of
course I like you know carrying my
little girl
right
but the fact that she didn't
try if she tried and she was tired or if
she tried and you know there was a
problem with her binding or whatever
yeah no problem soping in I'd love to
help yeah but if she's going to to my
face not do her
best to me it's lying it's it's
essentially the same thing it's not
being honest to me it's not being honest
to yourself it's not um it's not
respectable I guess to your point um
yeah fortunately she's still a little
kid and uh I think she's she's getting a
lot better which is you kind of got to
this is the absolute best time for her
to figure that stuff out so like y yeah
whatever not something to dwell
on
okay
what why do I even read twitch chat hey
what would be really cool is a very thin
undershirt with long sleeves with thumb
hooks so you could wear your uniform
over it and gloves on your hands so when
you pick up a very gross person you
don't have to worry about their stuff
getting on your arms but also breathable
good
luck this sounds like someone who's like
a firefighter or or something like that
that sounds like a very specialized um
piece of equipment and not the sort of
thing that um we're likely to have on
LTD store.com sounds cool though also
good luck uh
yeah okay one more pick a good one Luke
I'm there's so many just like throwaway
ones it's
crazy uh and mine I have mine only
loading 75 so that it performs super
fast I went for the performance option
so it's not loading all
them oh I was reading one that I thought
was pretty good and then it just
jumped oh here's a good one Jeff
asks what do you think is the most
important piece of equipment to not
skimp on when getting into YouTube not
including the computer also if you don't
answer this does it become a write-off
we'll never know um I'd say the most
important thing is a
microphone got him yeah he was so ready
did you see how ready he was that was
incredibly ready he was like so ready
physically ready emotionally ready
psychologically ready spiritually ready
all of them every part of him was ready
he was sexually ready yeah and I am
sexually
ready for us to see you again next week
check same bad time same bad Channel
we're going to see you floaters anyone
subscribe to float plane we'll see you
guys on the Afterparty we're going to
play some super checks yes good night
bye oh my God who it almost broke it oh
it looks like it's lagging and it's like
oh my
God that was insane that was sick I love
[Music]
it I can't believe how much stuff we
sold at a
loss it's the